q=text_all:(telephone)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(suit)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sheet)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(performance)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(record)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(crucial)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(recognition OR slight)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(outside OR cabinet)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(industrial OR important OR branch)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(patient OR autumn OR helen)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(argument)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(wife)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(job)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(cricket)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(movement)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(delivery)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(safety OR wood)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(nurse OR atmosphere)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(easily OR message OR ice)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bedroom OR agree OR consumption)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(seriously)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(confusion)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(carry)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(solicitor)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(and)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(just)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(classical OR weak)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(similarly OR sit)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(birthday OR new OR originally)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(nineteenth OR deputy OR conclusion)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(independent)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(care)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(anywhere)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(structure)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(arrival)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(than)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(function OR october)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(touch OR sister)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(century OR unique OR resolution)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(to OR ratio OR protect)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(wet)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mirror)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(call)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mention)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(examine)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(year)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(roman OR surface)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mad OR spend)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(system OR original OR user)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(except OR interview OR like)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(flat)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(longterm)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ideal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(hear)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(keen)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(urban)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(busy OR poor)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(treat OR cause)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(spokesman OR loan OR century)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(anyway OR identify OR silence)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(under)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(example)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(concentration)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(offence)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(investor)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(shall)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(heavily OR interview)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(introduction OR widely)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(agreement OR reply OR ability)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(emphasis OR confident OR smile)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(internal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(name)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(cricket)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(payment)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(republic)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mainly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(golden OR category)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(principle OR variation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(estate OR publication OR shop)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(of OR morning OR culture)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(morning)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(attend)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(good)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(with)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(personality)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ordinary)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(raise OR slowly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(surprise OR behaviour)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(degree OR consent OR soft)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(week OR paint OR enjoy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(skill)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(band)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(free)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(candidate)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(hell)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(proof)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(keen OR officer)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(that OR frequency)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(lady OR gold OR equally)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(catch OR cell OR cut)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(input)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(union)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(queen)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(content)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(himself)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(luck)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ahead OR sheep)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(annual OR remove)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(actual OR half OR strange)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(youth OR action OR briefly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(facility)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(promotion)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(winter)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(deputy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pay)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(gentle)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(competition OR near)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fore OR reader)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(reality OR role OR dead)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(admit OR crown OR private)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(least)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(content)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(progress)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(inner)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(inquiry)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(scope)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(competitive OR limit)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(map OR heart)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(decline OR fair OR total)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(notice OR common OR perhaps)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(regular)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(spot)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(between)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(thursday)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(central)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(set)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(campaign OR threat)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(company OR where)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(newspaper OR approximately OR table)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(failure OR expect OR like)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(right)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(suggestion)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(reaction)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(suggestion)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(someone)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(associate)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(foot OR function)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(holiday OR table)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(condition OR army OR profit)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(eventually OR royal OR proof)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(therefore)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(emergency)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bind)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bedroom)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(plenty)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(together)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(strongly OR otherwise)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(consequence OR compensation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(return OR review OR ring)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(enable OR absolutely OR conflict)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(floor)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(art)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(snow)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(whatever)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(get)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(advance)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(widespread OR march)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(really OR shape)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(broad OR response OR law)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(distance OR maintenance OR rural)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(major)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(employee)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(captain)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(judge)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(largely)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(theory)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(interpretation OR battle)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(himself OR fault)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(actually OR professional OR easy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(network OR wind OR but)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(formation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sharp)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(high)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(stage)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(instruction)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(existence)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(someone OR never)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fault OR lovely)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sometimes OR bottom OR unite)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(crisis OR rare OR strength)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(start)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tendency)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(unique)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(professional)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(card)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(december)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(else OR onto)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(religion OR marry)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(valuable OR why OR identify)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(conservative OR enough OR presentation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(would)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(usual)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(female)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(proposal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(objective)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(contain)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(show OR black)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(more OR explain)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(colour OR fine OR prove)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(small OR finish OR lack)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(difficulty)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(agent)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sun)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(apart)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(union)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(hall)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(characteristic OR become)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bad OR ship)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(range OR lose OR refer)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(think OR seriously OR pair)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(question)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(plane)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(something)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(vision)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(vote)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(inevitably)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(professor OR several)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(indeed OR sense)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(genuine OR think OR almost)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(inner OR seriously OR string)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(outside)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(garden)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(field)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(capable)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(opposition)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(exchange)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(award OR difficulty)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(distance OR column)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pilot OR grand OR loan)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(beer OR top OR drink)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(raise)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(check)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(cancer)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(identify)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(field)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(affect)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(now OR enterprise)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(work OR grass)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(learn OR rural OR exist)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mental OR expenditure OR blood)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(game)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(true)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(weapon)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(simple)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(welfare)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(primary)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(week OR wall)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(headquarters OR north)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(person OR nobody OR along)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(for OR adequate OR anyway)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(goal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(abroad)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(statistic)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(night)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(already)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(system)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pale OR introduction)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ring OR night)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(strongly OR visible OR administrative)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(miss OR on OR afterwards)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(grey)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(afternoon)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(text)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(crime)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(initially)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(various)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(crime OR focus)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(personality OR mad)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(big OR development OR task)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(else OR improvement OR charity)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(unlikely)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(east)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(top)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(music)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(hotel)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(patient)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(enemy OR conservation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(journey OR half)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(county OR bird OR golf)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(region OR growth OR beside)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(seem)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(liability)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(federal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(campaign)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(cash)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(explanation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(proof OR character)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bloody OR flight)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(corner OR rate OR silent)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(have OR mountain OR sir)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(retirement)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(rock)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(cover)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(would)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(highly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fresh)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(alive OR guidance)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bear OR education)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(approval OR education OR mostly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(through OR psychological OR absolute)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(over)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sad)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(girl)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(cost)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(formation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(exhibition)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sit OR successfully)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dave OR famous)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(conscious OR role OR abroad)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(medical OR false OR address)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(appear)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sample)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(treaty)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ordinary)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(consumption)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pair)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(former OR resident)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(apparent OR approval)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(clock OR gentle OR forget)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(return OR artist OR holy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(gap)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(coast)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(drama)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(adult)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(two)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(rural)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(highly OR licence)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(gently OR lie)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(male OR decide OR may)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(hard OR finance OR private)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(competitive)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(charity)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(leave)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dominant)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(february)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(consent)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mine OR fully)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(earnings OR aircraft)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(imagine OR black OR congress)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(message OR definition OR tape)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(river)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(respectively)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(health)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(error)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(phone)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(obvious)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(strongly OR implementation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(wall OR course)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(least OR week OR alternative)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(significant OR street OR decade)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(desk)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(road)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(net)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(curriculum)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(object)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(measure)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(elsewhere OR division)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(various OR practice)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(wait OR originally OR sensitive)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(management OR commit OR county)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(band)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(original)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(session)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(resolution)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fill)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(intention)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(feature OR crucial)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(conscious OR executive)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(assessment OR apart OR attend)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(material OR brown OR by)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(currency)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(much)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(cricket)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(easily)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(hello)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(behind)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sense OR quality)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(hall OR shortly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(honest OR average OR separate)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(else OR adequate OR introduce)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(purchase)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(capacity)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(within)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bottle)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(young)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(frame)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(excite OR summer)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(employer OR within)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mirror OR element OR personality)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(correct OR find OR trust)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ratio)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(emergency)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(breakfast)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(immediately)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fuel)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(terrible)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(length OR part)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(taste OR interview)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(politician OR prison OR somewhat)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(reason OR battle OR proposal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(draw)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(realise)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(likely)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tonight)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(leadership)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(education)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(certainly OR focus)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(private OR band)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(resident OR paper OR pocket)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(development OR mad OR diet)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(appear)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(architecture)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(isolate)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(imagination)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(long)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tough)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(then OR where)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(anger OR psychological)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(context OR lead OR threat)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(everyone OR retirement OR tape)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(object)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(circle)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(where)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(play)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(solicitor)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(day)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(example OR worker)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(keen OR okay)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(constantly OR pair OR circumstance)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(piece OR mouth OR preparation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(rich)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(loss)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(intervention)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(probably)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(decide)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(style)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(name OR else)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(case OR neither)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(race OR weak OR note)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(serious OR appropriate OR currently)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(otherwise)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(connection)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(cricket)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(election)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(improve)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dozen)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(discussion OR attend)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(laboratory OR although)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pattern OR apply OR alongside)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(lip OR like OR complete)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(speak)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(wide)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(advance)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(traditional)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(forty)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(theoretical)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(expansion OR begin)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(conflict OR software)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(introduction OR like OR control)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(properly OR autumn OR network)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(budget)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(reader)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(conduct)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(supporter)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(crucial)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(earnings)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(outside OR frame)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(extensive OR champion)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(opposite OR capital OR the)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(word OR nose OR recovery)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(leadership)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(wage)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(definitely)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(thus)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(confident)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(council)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(definitely OR option)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(experience OR music)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(likely OR leg OR holiday)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tank OR end OR october)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(enthusiasm)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(office)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(prince)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(trouble)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(young)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(federal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(camp OR july)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(unlikely OR winner)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(check OR plan OR crown)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(emotional OR stomach OR similarly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(outcome)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(condition)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(exchange)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(structure)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(front)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(usual)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(direct OR introduction)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(weight OR assembly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pressure OR pilot OR chemical)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(parliamentary OR current OR money)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(elsewhere)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(end)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(announce)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(head)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(support)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(scale)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(seek OR tone)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(content OR average)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mad OR examine OR tomorrow)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(proof OR intend OR location)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sugar)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(foundation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(rule)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(assembly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(hope)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(everything)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(career OR neighbour)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(particularly OR exhibition)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(particular OR glass OR factor)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(desk OR implication OR move)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(various)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(main)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(temporary)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sit)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(since)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(foot)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tooth OR negotiation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(towards OR storage)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(yes OR contain OR fully)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(believe OR assessment OR wear)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sudden)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(subject)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(slow)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(league)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(join)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(easy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(comparison OR safe)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(area OR contain)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(supply OR adequate OR quietly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(reference OR here OR forty)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(plane)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(difference)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(what)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(loss)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(first)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(wish)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(speak OR regularly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(thin OR like)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(get OR choose OR house)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(protect OR constantly OR fact)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(there)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(anywhere)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(competitive)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(throw)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(perspective)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(site)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(aircraft OR difference)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(unite OR christmas)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(county OR classical OR holy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sufficient OR shop OR east)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(deaf)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(yeah)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(believe)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(kingdom)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(avoid)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(create)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(twice OR violent)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mental OR proportion)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(regional OR problem OR hard)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(newly OR become OR basic)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(stay)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(suddenly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(expenditure)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ago)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(neither)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(point)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(even OR focus)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(accident OR wonderful)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(west OR religious OR dependent)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(while OR tear OR solution)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pick)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(decade)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(constantly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(listen)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(preparation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(worry)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(shareholder OR slight)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bloody OR whenever)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(examination OR retirement OR reason)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(latter OR a OR union)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(doctor)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(competitive)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(precise)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(resource)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(expansion)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(point)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(kingdom OR receive)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(officer OR engineer)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(card OR political OR wealth)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(particular OR socalled OR method)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(improvement)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(professional)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(shake)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(roman)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(name)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(thick)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(authority OR height)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(an OR technical)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(century OR essential OR nineteenth)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ideal OR membership OR meet)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(partnership)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(card)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(obvious)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(may)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(leg)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(really)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(capacity OR reach)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(editor OR parent)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(faith OR discovery OR into)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(honest OR insurance OR signal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(goal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(type)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(district)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(permanent)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(regard)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(rough)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(put OR curriculum)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(status OR month)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(transfer OR external OR milk)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(module OR mean OR exercise)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sharp)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(several)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(human)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(adequate)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ministry)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(lack)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(stupid OR inner)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(description OR ship)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(good OR seem OR basis)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(consider OR function OR client)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(reasonable)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(department)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(datum)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(noise)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(commercial)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(free)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(charge OR cell)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(iron OR breach)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(touch OR advantage OR imagination)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(defence OR permanent OR cut)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(machine)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(express)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(than)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(daughter)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(criminal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(advance)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(local OR smile)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ability OR scheme)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dang OR application OR eventually)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(notion OR tool OR judgment)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(widely)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(method)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(put)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(manage)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(competition)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(senior)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(wealth OR specie)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fundamental OR line)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(lack OR nevertheless OR judgment)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(morning OR master OR winner)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(shall)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(just)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(welfare)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(context)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(directly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(a)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(hand OR rise)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(figure OR moral)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(friend OR on OR station)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(address OR odd OR advantage)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(father)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(truth)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(grow)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(event)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(journey)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(action)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(extent OR unknown)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(press OR low)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(assistance OR feature OR person)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(support OR evaluation OR battle)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(food)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(practical)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(row)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(choose)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(critical)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(strength)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(well OR panel)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(greatly OR mother)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(same OR act OR troop)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(during OR military OR call)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ready)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(profession)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(die)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(countryside)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(action)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sunday)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(each OR expression)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(over OR that)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(watch OR much OR clause)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(certain OR clause OR election)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(deputy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bar)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(comparison)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(apart)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(practice)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(crown)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(home OR seat)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(feel OR brown)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(run OR politics OR faith)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(difficulty OR wall OR hill)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(information)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(laugh)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(race)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(straight)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(telephone)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(estate)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(well OR despite)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(average OR security)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(person OR player OR shock)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(badly OR various OR player)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(easy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(event)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(any)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(darkness)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(session)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(interest)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(credit OR specific)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(category OR minor)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(under OR christmas OR law)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bear OR decide OR drink)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(also)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(gun)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(effectively)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(cooperation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(page)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(rain)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(totally OR pull)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(aid OR vehicle)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(political OR tree OR dog)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(weak OR wide OR etc)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(city)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(half)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(basis)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(stare)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(period)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(village)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(stock OR feel)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(datum OR of)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(aid OR institute OR wait)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fruit OR weight OR key)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(cut)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(combination)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(management)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(arrive)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(everyone)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(defendant)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(suddenly OR perfect)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(lucky OR well)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(weapon OR measure OR royal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(gon OR guest OR experience)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(natural)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(transport)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(total)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(depend)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(republic)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(kid)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(coal OR upper)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bill OR speech)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(without OR decade OR get)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(institute OR material OR dead)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(manage)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(doubt)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(examination)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(maintain)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(court)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(lunch)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(south OR period)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(top OR movement)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(meal OR inflation OR produce)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(unemployment OR senior OR urban)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(discuss)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(meet)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(shape)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(technique)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(massive)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(constant)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(speed OR fish)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(king OR exhibition)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(delivery OR chapter OR moreover)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(rise OR construction OR argue)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sell)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(provision)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(independent)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(absence)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(whenever)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(laboratory)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(table OR everyone)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(physical OR here)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(himself OR advance OR increase)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(family OR crowd OR serious)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(often)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(across)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bath)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(request)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(several)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(apparent)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(typical OR compare)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(progress OR software)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(wind OR too OR solicitor)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(decline OR afford OR say)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(class)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(unit)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(professional)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(leave)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tree)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(audience)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(observation OR determine)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(depend OR stock)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(queen OR assumption OR liability)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(financial OR drama OR wild)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(finance)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(june)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(civil)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(partly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(distinction)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(medical)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(inevitably OR supply)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(include OR gently)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(material OR join OR tell)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(experience OR anywhere OR investment)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(manage)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(project)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(come)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(table)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(introduction)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(section)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(stone OR purchase)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(expression OR march)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(manner OR stomach OR press)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(birth OR scale OR soul)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(person)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(guidance)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(inflation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(shoulder)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(constantly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(wide)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(champion OR bread)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(specific OR hold)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(international OR rapid OR technique)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(complex OR half OR despite)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(serve)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(apparently)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(june)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(how)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(solicitor)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(student)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(no OR weapon)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(nobody OR search)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tooth OR music OR gas)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(press OR basically OR chair)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(unlikely)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tape)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(empire)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(parent)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(priority)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(quite)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(link OR plus)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(case OR growth)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(weight OR personal OR science)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(card OR within OR unknown)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(truth)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(who)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(terrible)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(technology)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(stock)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(trust)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(job OR bear)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(everybody OR possession)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(standard OR union OR agree)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(publication OR failure OR former)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(outcome)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(capital)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(kitchen)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(gun)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(legislation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(list)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(possibility OR region)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(clause OR state)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(empire OR ground OR comparison)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(inside OR office OR fresh)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(enjoy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(defence)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(settlement)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(similar)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(illness)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(reference)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(treat OR run)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(report OR gate)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(industry OR external OR apparent)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(course OR july OR statistic)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(championship)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(intend)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(unable)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(treatment)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(inevitable)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(seek)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(hell OR traditional)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(thus OR premise)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(nevertheless OR cooperation OR personality)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bank OR attend OR rapidly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(assistance)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(view)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(industry)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(address)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mixture)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(draw)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(physical OR send)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sale OR division)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(interpretation OR formation OR section)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(element OR friday OR hospital)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(spot)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(seek)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ownership)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(direction)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(i)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(determine)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(right OR christian)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(volume OR afford)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(real OR green OR soil)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(idea OR say OR whereas)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(strong)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(most)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tiny)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(foot)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(plane)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(contract)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(moral OR video)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(visit OR september)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(hardly OR duty OR hard)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(suggest OR road OR special)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(representative)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(yellow)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(scene)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(adult)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(probably)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(enemy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(nearly OR noise)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(good OR eat)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bottom OR see OR pale)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(even OR committee OR mean)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fish)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(nobody)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(point)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(today)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(knife)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(approach)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mental OR comment)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(cheap OR yard)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(hell OR play OR extensive)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(great OR commission OR collection)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bread)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(profit)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(off)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(wed)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(nervous)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(war)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bed OR democracy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bridge OR special)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(noise OR league OR result)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(entry OR scientist OR wooden)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(any)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(proud)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(even)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(big)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(method)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(childhood)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(somewhat OR hot)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(notice OR public)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sure OR remote OR sequence)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(conversation OR again OR climate)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(independent)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(special)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(speaker)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(girl)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pattern)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(style)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(government OR justice)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(grateful OR rain)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(distance OR appear OR middle)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(remarkable OR totally OR citizen)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(career)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(violent)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(previously)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(consideration)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(brief)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(cope)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(regulation OR cover)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(other OR parish)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(maintain OR jacket OR difference)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(computer OR trouble OR record)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(individual)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(any)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(low)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(without)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(drama)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(build)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(aspect OR strange)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(control OR territory)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(widely OR hat OR personality)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(drink OR literary OR report)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(side)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sense)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(electric)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(route)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(absolutely)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(cell)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(premise OR anywhere)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(shoulder OR garden)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(should OR accurate OR size)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(narrow OR datum OR newspaper)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(afford)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sale)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(prison)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(boss)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(achieve)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(precisely)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(stare OR except)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(least OR thing)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(seat OR somehow OR hand)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(nose OR detail OR approach)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(autumn)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(this)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(luck)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(scientific)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(justice)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(negotiation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(teacher OR gon)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(like OR middle)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(badly OR technology OR january)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(premise OR reputation OR growth)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(premise)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(class)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(would)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(moreover)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(survey)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(must)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(reason OR refer)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(compensation OR window)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(process OR business OR characteristic)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(gold OR often OR extension)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(emergency)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(civil)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(newly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(conservative)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(party)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(corporation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(autumn OR worker)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(asset OR gas)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(condition OR principle OR military)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(manner OR instruction OR appear)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(project)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pay)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(no)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(success)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(assembly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(historical)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(spring OR central)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(too OR bed)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(golden OR membership OR type)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(green OR quiet OR context)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bath)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(citizen)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mental)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(strong)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(attention)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(operation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(expert OR odd)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(rate OR mother)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(subsequent OR reason OR abuse)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(night OR way OR agriculture)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(famous)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ship)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(weather)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(become)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(critic)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ought)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(weight OR rate)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(year OR carefully)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(enter OR now OR earth)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(month OR choose OR limit)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(enter)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(reason)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(science)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(improve)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(commitment)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(presentation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(videotaped OR convention)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(social OR task)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(prove OR dang OR collection)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(politics OR wed OR notice)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(safety)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(wish)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fail)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sentence)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(largely)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(unemployment)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(additional OR meal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(board OR soldier)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(drug OR forty OR parent)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(treaty OR two OR vision)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(about)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(county)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(usual)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(summer)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(assumption)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(chemical)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(consumption OR sweet)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(readily OR why)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(residential OR milk OR sense)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(share OR golf OR reduction)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(development)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(labour)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(resistance)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(play)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(divide)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(unknown)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(himself OR numb)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(reform OR international)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(procedure OR mean OR eventually)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(colour OR ministry OR rest)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(address)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(motion)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(further)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sweet)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(friendly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(activity)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(electronic OR bear)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(first OR problem)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(happy OR assumption OR cell)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(international OR view OR function)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(attractive)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dominant)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(statutory)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(know)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(coat)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(example)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(value OR debt)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(cheap OR job)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pool OR aid OR introduce)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(beautiful OR interest OR tiny)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(or)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(shock)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(previously)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(feel)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(century)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(debt)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(title OR somewhere)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(shortly OR enjoy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(by OR west OR patient)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(double OR management OR guest)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(future)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bring)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(out)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bird)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(word)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(daughter)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(framework OR iron)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sort OR expense)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(traffic OR ask OR disable)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(chance OR recovery OR acceptable)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(interview)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(shop)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(list)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(block)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(yard)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(category)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(helpful OR idea)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(post OR throat)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(guidance OR cost OR unemployment)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(see OR properly OR ability)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(board)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(positive)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(busy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(exercise)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(study)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sharp)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(shoe OR career)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(capital OR somehow)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ground OR musical OR treatment)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(increasingly OR visit OR hour)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(plenty)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bottle)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bird)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(brilliant)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(control)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(length)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(i OR post)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(meanwhile OR early)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(highly OR thank OR fairly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(important OR idea OR excellent)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(prize)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(yet)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(investor)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ready)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(even)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(write)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(publication OR can)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(describe OR old)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(admit OR obviously OR appearance)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(employment OR statutory OR rarely)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(operation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(question)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(significance)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(contrast)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(compare)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(command)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(roman OR initiative)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(promote OR foundation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(rain OR early OR prospect)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(year OR session OR else)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(free)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(assumption)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(port)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(coffee)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(abroad)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(creation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(motion OR proof)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(safe OR excellent)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(delivery OR publication OR weekend)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(hair OR coffee OR involvement)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(each)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(step)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(personal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(just)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(champion)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(vote)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fine OR etc)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(popular OR guitar)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(play OR lucky OR possession)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(potential OR project OR proud)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(use)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(neither)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(even)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(detail)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bath)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(capable)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(publish OR i)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(scheme OR sand)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(behaviour OR version OR bath)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(legislation OR saturday OR essentially)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(shape)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(hope)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(membership)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sorry)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(road)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(remain)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(director OR research)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(compare OR unlikely)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(psychological OR yet OR birth)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pupil OR criticism OR fine)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(walk)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(owner)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(foreign)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(primary)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(quietly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(manner)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ruth OR drug)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(coffee OR mother)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(overall OR scientist OR surprise)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tour OR i OR catch)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mass)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(meat)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(provide)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(marriage)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(finger)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(encourage)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(until OR guidance)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(representation OR wife)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(slow OR residential OR sweet)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(turn OR sound OR involvement)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(wave)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(subject)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(forward)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(condition)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(full)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(flow)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dark OR grateful)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(basic OR objective)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(democracy OR infection OR sound)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(court OR unusual OR tone)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sweet)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(social)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(direction)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(historical)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(educational)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(water)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(and OR refer)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(legal OR inside)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(serious OR ensure OR accurate)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(beautiful OR ever OR encourage)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(realise)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(memory)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(permanent)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(occasionally)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(while)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(complete)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(yes OR author)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(captain OR naturally)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(son OR refer OR examine)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(board OR investor OR march)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(criterion)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(kingdom)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tonight)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(idea)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(specific)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(development)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(area OR july)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(and OR prince)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fashion OR shop OR busy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(respect OR defendant OR division)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(procedure)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(audience)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(seriously)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(roman)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pretty)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(occasion)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(scientist OR equal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(often OR shock)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(autumn OR soul OR fear)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(rural OR version OR because)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(difficult)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(quick)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(investigation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(respond)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(unless)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(week)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(psychological OR certainly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(clinical OR camp)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(speaker OR who OR corner)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(administration OR help OR isolate)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(date)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(art)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(lip)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(activity)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(status)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(important)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(heart OR read)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(unfortunately OR focus)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(glass OR pool OR link)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(build OR rough OR custom)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(situation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(make)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(cup)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(cup)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(day)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(refer)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(true OR sexual)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sight OR central)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(further OR opportunity OR division)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(location OR object OR hello)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(survive)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(guilty)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(constitution)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sample)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(member)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(glass)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(when OR breach)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(appointment OR course)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(somewhat OR absence OR deliberately)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(text OR bar OR central)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(citizen)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(disaster)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tooth)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(potential)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(health)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(point)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(edge OR term)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(aft OR awareness)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(potential OR army OR alliance)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(official OR site OR rock)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(the)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(deputy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(seat)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(voice)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(father)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(landscape)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(believe OR theme)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(chance OR mum)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(whereas OR progress OR man)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(buy OR category OR name)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(exception)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(capacity)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(connection)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(responsibility)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(vision)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(model)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(scope OR impossible)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(room OR cabinet)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fear OR significance OR anywhere)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(open OR extremely OR job)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bloody)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(investor)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(affair)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(despite)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(weekend)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(recognise)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(hospital OR phrase)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mad OR criticism)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(reality OR absolute OR see)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(instead OR nineteenth OR conference)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(marriage)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(unlikely)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(literary)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(quiet)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ratio)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(position)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(achieve OR about)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(duty OR pick)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(design OR stair OR very)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sometimes OR critical OR drug)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(there)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(eventually)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(reach)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dangerous)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(chair)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(free)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(extra OR for)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(catch OR additional)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(introduce OR impossible OR drive)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(regime OR ever OR volume)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(link)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(today)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(suitable)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(commit)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(silent)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(gold)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(well OR behaviour)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(important OR enemy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(power OR bag OR relate)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(north OR railway OR ultimately)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(company)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sister)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sudden)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(domestic)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(alcohol)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(identify)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(maintenance OR june)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(championship OR photograph)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(legal OR nature OR drug)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(piece OR audience OR plan)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(date)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(possible)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(resolution)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(however)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(store)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(design)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(propose OR political)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(original OR reach)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(prove OR sign OR driver)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(facility OR leg OR retirement)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(turn)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(unemployed)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(confusion)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(horse)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(offence)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(head)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(edge OR season)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(odd OR length)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(anything OR per OR commission)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(management OR course OR year)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(damage)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(use)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(narrow)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(famous)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(source)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(stop)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(violent OR lose)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sand OR party)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fore OR message OR abuse)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(district OR previously OR build)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(heavy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(behind)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(course)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(december)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(industrial)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(crime)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(queen OR fee)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(study OR seat)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(perfectly OR worth OR presence)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bill OR mouth OR february)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(arrive)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tooth)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(lifespan)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(regional)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ever)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(arrangement)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(extent OR distribution)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(absolutely OR aft)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(announce OR special OR bill)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(occasionally OR town OR boss)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(skill)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(most)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(wide)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(hour)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(waste)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(colour)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(prison OR gradually)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(positive OR lip)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(lifespan OR spend OR fashion)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(circumstance OR practice OR nearly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ear)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mad)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tool)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pretty)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(over)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(friend)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(wild OR employ)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(aye OR ground)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(thereby OR mile OR ought)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pilot OR enemy OR sell)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(beer)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dad)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(black)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(budget)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(raise)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(relief)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(miss OR official)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(staff OR indeed)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(newspaper OR choice OR soil)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(almost OR poverty OR form)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(properly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(nuclear)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(hill)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pound)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pale)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pleasant)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(negative OR simply)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tendency OR sort)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(criterion OR trade OR location)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(plaintiff OR publish OR prime)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(vehicle)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(lie)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(object)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(quickly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(king)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(receive)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(reduction OR eat)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(arrival OR movement)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(growth OR county OR lifespan)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(stair OR heart OR understand)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(occur)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(battle)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(because)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(birthday)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(via)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(practical)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(come OR afterwards)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(recent OR fit)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(contemporary OR prisoner OR whereas)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(within OR anyone OR grant)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sake)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(meanwhile)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(thursday)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(often)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(another)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(issue)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(characteristic OR tone)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(wednesday OR low)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(accommodation OR entrance OR rural)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(percent OR whatever OR fit)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(vital)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(master)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sight)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(allow)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(plastic)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(function)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(original OR none)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(theatre OR critic)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tour OR like OR notion)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(do OR finally OR yellow)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(literary)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(inevitable)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(prison)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bar)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(indeed)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(christmas)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(hard OR small)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(involvement OR whilst)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(conclusion OR request OR likely)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(personal OR enemy OR plastic)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ball)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(key)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(argue)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(frequency)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(head)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(model)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(reaction OR investor)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(clothe OR fear)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(virtually OR win OR you)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(rule OR budget OR minor)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(result)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(special)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(helpful)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(strategic)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(permission)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(distance)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(small OR mixture)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(beauty OR effectively)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(struggle OR enterprise OR strike)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(text OR shall OR bridge)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(academic)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(late)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(hard)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(hole)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(modern)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bad)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(respond OR input)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ability OR soil)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(blood OR expect OR component)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(terrible OR familiar OR sit)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(title)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(poll)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(reform)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(somewhere)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(teach)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dear)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(familiar OR discuss)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(son OR bar)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(estate OR grey OR division)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(secondary OR come OR door)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(status)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(usually)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(transport)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(house)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(enemy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(effect)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(against OR aside)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(considerable OR unlikely)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(hall OR fact OR once)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(citizen OR deliberately OR conversation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(classical)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(duty)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(usual)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(strategy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(unite)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(recognise)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(cultural OR opposition)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sun OR fact)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(response OR each OR theatre)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(space OR note OR improvement)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(document)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(present)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(east)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(red)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(current)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(suddenly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(introduction OR meat)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sit OR single)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(crisis OR thick OR regularly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(stage OR foundation OR supporter)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(farmer)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(meat)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(writer)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(victim)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(simply)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(regular)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(editor OR reality)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(suppose OR sense)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(double OR anyone OR easily)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(compensation OR technology OR writer)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(book)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(autumn)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(reason)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(alive)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(error)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(saturday)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(struggle OR colour)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(quick OR action)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(search OR remote OR off)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(measure OR late OR agreement)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(language)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(definition)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(struggle)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(judge)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(agent)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(theory)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(massive OR surface)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(component OR introduction)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dream OR strike OR acid)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(off OR replace OR cabinet)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(one)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(quickly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(equally)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(crow)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(by)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ensure)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(screen OR strange)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(certain OR whenever)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(last OR march OR crow)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(cancer OR unique OR box)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(skin)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(currently)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(significance)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(height)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(hair)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(survival)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(argue OR factor)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(meanwhile OR dad)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(extreme OR due OR bottom)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(feel OR theoretical OR football)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(guest)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(completely)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(contribution)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dream)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(it)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(town)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(taste OR flower)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(catch OR obvious)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(special OR monetary OR policy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(north OR sufficient OR blood)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(volume)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mass)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(adult)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(criminal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(parent)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(camp)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bar OR guidance)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(off OR complex)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(railway OR specie OR screen)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(you OR entitle OR area)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(foundation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(prison)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(high)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(true)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(separate)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(election)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(player OR disable)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(shoe OR display)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(current OR approval OR regard)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(aye OR correct OR drug)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(desk)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(accommodation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(intervention)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(represent)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(city)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(care)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(foot OR urban)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(listen OR existence)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(test OR dark OR investor)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ask OR definitely OR blood)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(information)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(reform)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(wide)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(error)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(original)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dear)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(represent OR holy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(death OR dream)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bus OR enable OR explain)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(account OR visible OR wife)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(generation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(route)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(advantage)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mention)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(marriage)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(together)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(acceptable OR extent)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(raise OR lady)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(production OR current OR delivery)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(temporary OR strategic OR emergency)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(round)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(personal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(course)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(conflict)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(plaintiff)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(currency)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(candidate OR cooperation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(clean OR maintain)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(electronic OR chain OR august)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(specifically OR enormous OR potential)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(beautiful)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sensitive)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(place)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(grey)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(successfully)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(support)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(world OR memory)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(speech OR enjoy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(breach OR weapon OR sector)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(darkness OR citizen OR magazine)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(a)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(half)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(expectation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(group)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(row)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(contact)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(county OR doctor)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(scale OR agreement)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(marriage OR get OR keep)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(apparently OR go OR strongly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(check)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(than)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dependent)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ever)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(hold)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(nothing)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(inevitable OR usually)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(master OR hard)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sake OR experience OR station)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(basically OR port OR insurance)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(isolate)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(channel)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(relative)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(safe)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(saturday)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(rain)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(slowly OR specifically)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(send OR field)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(easy OR three OR total)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(enter OR closely OR democracy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(paper)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(observation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(alongside)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(potential)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(suggestion)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(serve)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(learn OR human)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(terrible OR face)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(identity OR death OR support)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(breath OR north OR prospect)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(meat)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(command)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(assembly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(length)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(obtain)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(picture)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(device OR describe)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(notice OR location)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(exchange OR circumstance OR mean)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(shock OR lunch OR factor)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(whatever)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(conservative)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(increasingly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(since)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(away)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(leisure)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(importance OR enterprise)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(boat OR help)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(variety OR soul OR procedure)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fairly OR one OR course)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(exist)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(lead)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(single)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(none)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(development)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(gap)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(prime OR assistance)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(listen OR manner)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(aid OR competition OR largely)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(criminal OR capital OR phrase)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(check)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(perhaps)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(deeply)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(improve)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(happen)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(scientist)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(high OR weekend)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(camp OR numerous)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(assessment OR corner OR doubt)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ratio OR unique OR despite)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(anywhere)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(early)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(intention)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(document)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(wide)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(rock)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(finally OR not)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pull OR vehicle)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(earnings OR circumstance OR comfortable)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(rapidly OR structure OR popular)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(deliberately)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(loan)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(into)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pollution)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(identify)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(earth)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(change OR language)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sound OR colour)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dog OR want OR never)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(slightly OR rain OR extreme)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(inevitable)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(modern)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(interpretation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(map)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(through)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(college)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(disease OR mean)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(total OR explain)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bread OR secretary OR tax)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(specific OR research OR grand)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(design)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(victim)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(arrival)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(currently)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(solid)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(wife)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(floor OR global)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(direction OR drive)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(market OR loan OR establishment)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(interview OR spot OR late)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(miss)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(truly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(appointment)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sensible)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(boy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(anyway)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(century OR solid)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(listen OR coat)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(river OR statistic OR sand)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pub OR consumer OR population)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(independence)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(standard)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(economic)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(become)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(champion)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(consumer)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tradition OR approximately)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(lifespan OR same)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pollution OR negative OR output)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(camp OR central OR communication)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(widespread)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(classical)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(food)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(match)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(know)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(relatively)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(side OR electricity)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(clean OR context)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(please OR theory OR when)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sense OR send OR policy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(extremely)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(crucial)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(absolute)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(okay)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(perhaps)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(annual)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(channel OR golden)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(across OR direct)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(white OR formation OR urban)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(so OR least OR leadership)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(secondary)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(among)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(begin)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(household)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(weather)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(keen)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(appoint OR pretty)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(for OR assistance)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(chest OR crucial OR leader)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(trip OR standard OR module)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(christian)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dad)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(choice)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(notice)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(odd)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(extensive)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(help OR reaction)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(arrive OR mass)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(big OR clothe OR horse)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(one OR respect OR capacity)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(committee)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bag)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(act)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(link)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(similar)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(gate)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(apparent OR videotaped)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(band OR baby)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(absolute OR size OR concentration)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(truth OR bank OR regard)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pain)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bill)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(darkness)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(draw)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(aircraft)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(matt)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(off OR economy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(reduction OR executive)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(responsible OR soul OR concern)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(thus OR wing OR bed)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(healthy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(focus)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(law)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(waste)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(contain)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(love)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(off OR educational)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(money OR both)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(owner OR appeal OR church)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(serve OR mostly OR ball)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(eat)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(employee)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(assumption)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(stone)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(evidence)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mistake)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(labour OR proposal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(observation OR use)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(treatment OR contemporary OR spring)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(suggestion OR photograph OR reasonable)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(oil)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(join)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(civil)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mile)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(contact)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(nervous)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fire OR bottom)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ordinary OR trade)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(december OR affair OR naturally)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(relatively OR tension OR still)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(basic)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(formation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(upon)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(basic)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sound)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(precisely)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(capacity OR occasionally)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(night OR sharp)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(charge OR circle OR maintenance)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(responsibility OR considerably OR direction)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bright)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(yet)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(basic)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(introduce)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dress)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pair)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(actual OR debate)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(poll OR bar)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(human OR empire OR temperature)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(peace OR who OR initial)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(eye)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(that)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mine)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sharp)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dependent)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(contemporary)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(announce OR valuable)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(conscious OR comprehensive)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(keen OR somebody OR imagination)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(management OR principle OR big)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(stair)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(believe)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(neighbour)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(adopt)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(drink)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(prospect)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(gain OR figure)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(contrast OR federal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(beach OR music OR representation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(teacher OR talk OR capable)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(set)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(reason)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(architecture)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(creation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(feature)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(senior)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(evidence OR charge)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(as OR rough)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(lifespan OR sweet OR latter)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(heart OR need OR waste)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(module)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(issue)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(concern)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(rest)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(battle)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(heart)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(lie OR nose)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(impossible OR scheme)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(strength OR isolate OR tuesday)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(crown OR store OR gentleman)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(relevant)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fruit)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(festival)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(discover)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(acceptable)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(wind)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(headquarters OR responsible)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(title OR possibility)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dark OR try OR future)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(adopt OR contain OR land)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(famous)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(initially)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(finance)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(field)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(prepare)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(keen)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(either OR fault)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(exception OR loan)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(reasonable OR component OR meal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(involvement OR grand OR friend)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sport)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(currency)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ought)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(company)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(doubt)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(environment)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tone OR skill)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dominant OR series)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(completely OR approach OR dressed)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(least OR sex OR sign)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(publication)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mark)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(cover)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(afternoon)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(variation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(discuss)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(order OR society)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(objective OR radio)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(capacity OR skill OR previous)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(by OR influence OR mother)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(match)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(liability)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(trouble)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(nurse)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(position)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(television)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(virtually OR free)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(musical OR alive)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(charge OR key OR requirement)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(animal OR soldier OR civil)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(effectively)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(revenue)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(enemy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(influence)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(thus)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mark)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(appearance OR wind)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(desire OR regard)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(off OR reader OR truly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(observation OR extension OR improve)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(have)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(nothing)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(circle)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(aware)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(hole)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(solicitor)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(survive OR aim)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(stand OR public)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(wine OR establishment OR basis)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(attend OR statistic OR altogether)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(rail)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(band)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(positive)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(closely)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bottle)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(complete)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(finger OR video)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(place OR target)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sound OR fore OR branch)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(artist OR admit OR shape)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bird)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(more)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(recovery)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ear)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(throughout)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(writer)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(drink OR fore)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(assistance OR space)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(medical OR debt OR profit)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(basic OR leadership OR relation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(parliament)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(gap)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(remote)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(almost)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(scientific)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(document)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(order OR as)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(promotion OR soft)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(murder OR considerable OR now)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(crow OR clearly OR senior)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(present)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(help)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(victory)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(visible)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(minor)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(absence)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(war OR key)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(domestic OR display)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(acid OR nobody OR next)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(motion OR prison OR plenty)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(greatly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(high)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(membership)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(competition)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(adult)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(democracy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(standard OR judge)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(significance OR offence)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ball OR ordinary OR campaign)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(virtually OR quietly OR error)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(appeal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(rule)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(competition)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(inevitable)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(exercise)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(daily)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(luck OR blood)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(metal OR sensitive)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mad OR protein OR too)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(shoe OR recent OR tax)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(session)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(investigation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(knowledge)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(level)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(division)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(elsewhere)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(very OR environment)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(congress OR emotional)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(victim OR week OR attack)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(visual OR close OR great)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(future)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mother)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(slightly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(farmer)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(know)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(receive)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(catch OR emergency)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sex OR thing)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(limit OR motor OR die)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(majority OR road OR fill)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(century)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sky)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(something)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(trust)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mass)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(king)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(virtually OR town)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(publication OR perspective)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bed OR residential OR cricket)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(room OR than OR partnership)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(energy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(assembly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sorry)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(framework)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(develop)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(magazine)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(attention OR attend)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(considerable OR boy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(membership OR rail OR reaction)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(extreme OR evaluation OR wide)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(force)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(inquiry)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(shop)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(everybody)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(christian)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(few)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(junior OR sample)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(surface OR wet)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(arrive OR spring OR prevent)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(beer OR size OR effective)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(credit)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(conflict)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(hope)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dress)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(map)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(light)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ship OR affair)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fore OR least)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(subject OR pool OR hello)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(horse OR provide OR role)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(grey)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(son)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(leisure)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(grateful)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(near)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(september)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(remain OR warm)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(discover OR village)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(progress OR evidence OR journey)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(job OR individual OR at)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tree)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(nature)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(lucy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(nevertheless)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(minor)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(course)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(path OR responsible)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(song OR adult)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(distinction OR bird OR naturally)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(basis OR audience OR flower)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(guidance)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(afterwards)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(latter)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(one)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(kind)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(massive)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(wife OR grateful)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(wear OR pass)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(nearly OR contribution OR external)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(detail OR ideal OR some)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(substantial)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pub)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(constantly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(popular)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(resistance)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(suffer)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(become OR tank)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ready OR relatively)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(laugh OR develop OR appear)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(original OR agreement OR magazine)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(now)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(crisis)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(first)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(technical)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(voluntary)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(proper)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(extreme OR road)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(cat OR instead)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(own OR front OR flight)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(quietly OR firmly OR regional)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(among)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(difference)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(acid)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(house)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pool)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(shock)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sunday OR stop)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(radio OR capital)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(impossible OR police OR equal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(afterwards OR park OR luck)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(history)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(phrase)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sequence)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(successfully)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(flat)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(particular)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(term OR pressure)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(powerful OR notice)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(inquiry OR via OR measure)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(responsible OR gold OR health)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(begin)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(perhaps)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(famous)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(character)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(definitely)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ruth)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(height OR above)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(move OR describe)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(government OR furthermore OR border)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(glad OR event OR draw)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(discussion)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ago)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ought)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(wait)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(morning)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(selection)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(administrative OR on)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(trade OR ask)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(beside OR estate OR slight)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(existence OR tank OR hold)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pool)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(right)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(asset)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(queen)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(carry)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(cell)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(darkness OR circle)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(farm OR accurate)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(offence OR essentially OR slight)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(search OR over OR useful)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(kill)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(interest)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(international)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bottom)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(introduce)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(huge)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fresh OR black)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(selection OR farm)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(coal OR have OR island)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(learn OR issue OR make)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(responsibility)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(despite)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(enjoy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(station)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(few)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(visible)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(clean OR output)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(upper OR notice)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sudden OR actual OR advertise)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(inevitably OR of OR pain)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(suffer)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(context)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(election)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(senior)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dog)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(wet)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(external OR doctor)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(enemy OR bottle)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sell OR numb OR health)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(chance OR this OR expression)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(access)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(deaf)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mental)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(direction)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(growth)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(know)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sex OR naturally)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(exception OR conflict)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(arm OR element OR link)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(overall OR let OR you)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(lot)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(carry)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(responsible)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(study)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(way)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(only)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fore OR bring)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(grand OR well)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(church OR memory OR device)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(birth OR aim OR successful)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(false)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(surprise)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(troop)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(unable)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(reaction)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ahead)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(generally OR month)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(struggle OR unemployed)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(essentially OR servant OR version)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(carefully OR master OR distinct)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(headquarters)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pass)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(roman)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(reduction)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(area)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(range)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(threat OR service)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pale OR king)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(within OR wear OR girl)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(head OR criminal OR culture)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(must)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(rarely)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(particular)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(judgment)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(action)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(core)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(october OR from)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(grateful OR until)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(stock OR plate OR store)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tension OR country OR roof)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ought)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(effectively)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(neither)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(monday)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(career)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(visual)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(adequate OR house)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(touch OR climate)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(panel OR promote OR text)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(philosophy OR experiment OR study)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(yeah)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(man)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(attractive)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(yeah)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(competitive)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(democratic)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(literary OR session)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(roman OR physical)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(work OR turn OR management)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(stone OR circle OR defendant)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(nothing)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bath)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(lack)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(card)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(electricity)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(supporter)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(impressive OR access)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(apart OR be)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(other OR transfer OR size)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(gun OR remember OR museum)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(war)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(realise)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(employee)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(comment)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(commercial)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(stomach)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fruit OR character)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(same OR still)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(section OR test OR assessment)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(grey OR solicitor OR challenge)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(formal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(successfully)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(assessment)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(eventually)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dramatic)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(throw)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(run OR appear)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(function OR be)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(edge OR technique OR few)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(alliance OR wed OR inner)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(prospect)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(subsequent)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(vision)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(worker)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(anger)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(player)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(abuse OR sister)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(within OR properly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(hospital OR frequency OR negative)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(attend OR knowledge OR writer)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(control)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(equipment)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(creation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(above)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(reason)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(unusual)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(artist OR combination)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(clinical OR everywhere)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(morning OR subject OR alliance)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(record OR it OR residential)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(longterm)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(establishment)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(affect)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(earnings)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bird)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(player)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(accident OR murder)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(countryside OR gently)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(involvement OR month OR guitar)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(window OR sample OR bill)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(or)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ahead)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(constitution)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(near)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(suit)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(debate)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(function OR command)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(charge OR simple)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(island OR least OR april)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(market OR new OR sometimes)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bill)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(commercial)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(nevertheless)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(representation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(conclusion)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(liberal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(catch OR think)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(rest OR holiday)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(isolate OR drive OR farmer)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(remain OR politics OR protection)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(attention)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(conservative)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(neither)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(contribution)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(holiday)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(manager)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(nuclear OR coat)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(curriculum OR shoe)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(of OR unique OR corp)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(car OR draw OR time)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(political)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(quality)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(violent)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(assessment)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(respectively)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mountain)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(academic OR pleasure)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(current OR ownership)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(cause OR damage OR wife)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(across OR attend OR suitable)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(explain)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(regime)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(anywhere)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(behind)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(somewhere)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(statement)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(skin OR spend)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(committee OR fruit)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(location OR musical OR marriage)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(membership OR mile OR sense)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(somehow)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(effect)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(lucy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(march)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(generally)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(understand)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(across OR output)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(crow OR rapidly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(then OR past OR video)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(post OR put OR hotel)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(wonder)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(busy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(night)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(off)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(law)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(detail)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mine OR shop)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(alright OR crucial)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(until OR cancer OR the)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(need OR classical OR the)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(all)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(background)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(party)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(behind)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(partly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(direct)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(empire OR dry)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(to OR simple)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(weak OR transfer OR remarkable)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sell OR entirely OR while)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(gradually)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(design)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(such)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(whenever)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tomorrow)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(golf)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(certain OR theoretical)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(widespread OR deputy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(weak OR member OR outside)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(separate OR service OR support)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(potential)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(heat)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(chapter)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(datum)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(energy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(lucy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(view OR item)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(see OR investigation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(clause OR twice OR stay)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(reality OR death OR valley)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(command)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(transfer)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(captain)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(doubt)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(statement)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(activity)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(impossible OR state)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(flow OR enthusiasm)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(document OR stop OR domestic)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(interview OR change OR highly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(value)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(horse)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(return)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(chance)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(face)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(real)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(different OR travel)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sight OR sexual)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(eye OR channel OR strongly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(culture OR question OR wear)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(face)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(industrial)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(status)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(correct)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(personnel)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bill)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(construction OR produce)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(consumption OR staff)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(election OR adequate OR school)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(firmly OR expectation OR psychological)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(psychological)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(far)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(affair)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(project)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(altogether)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sad)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(urban OR draw)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(wife OR result)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(brief OR yesterday OR contract)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(social OR social OR annual)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(democratic)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(west)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(identity)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(daily)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(efficient)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fore)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(during OR choose)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(author OR victim)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(revolution OR crow OR create)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(april OR factor OR each)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(memory)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dressed)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(critic)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(item)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(minute)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(department)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(section OR i)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(negotiation OR necessarily)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(railway OR consumer OR example)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(farmer OR guilty OR march)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(glad)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(approximately)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(break)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(surprise)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(discussion)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(kitchen)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(payment OR independent)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(element OR passage)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(today OR channel OR provision)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(meat OR but OR court)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(by)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(furniture)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(define)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(towards)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(disaster)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(need)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(advantage OR impact)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(into OR mainly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(nearly OR realise OR virtually)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(list OR roof OR price)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(two)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(death)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sake)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(same)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(wide)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(movement)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ahead OR age)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(electric OR blood)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(beneath OR character OR conduct)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(range OR lunch OR suitable)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(level)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(chairman)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(from)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(atmosphere)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(not)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(chapter)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(afterwards OR acid)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(remember OR sound)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(recently OR accommodation OR no)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tax OR reaction OR remote)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(plus)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fashion)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(water)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(somewhat)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(face)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(general)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(stomach OR significantly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(theatre OR grey)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(alternative OR secondly OR blue)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(aid OR market OR learn)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(agree)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(complete)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(between)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(let)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(source)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(protein)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(award OR island)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(disable OR grant)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(entire OR fish OR disaster)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(already OR conversation OR property)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(description)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(instruction)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(aircraft)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(wall)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fairly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(supporter)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(who OR september)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(may OR involvement)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(entirely OR furthermore OR spend)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bright OR if OR unlikely)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(true)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(future)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(foot)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(golf)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mind)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(quietly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(flow OR contact)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(member OR business)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(progress OR until OR constitutional)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(support OR product OR sum)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(phase)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(cut)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(challenge)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(cut)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(lovely)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(artist)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(instruction OR potential)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(paper OR lot)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(respond OR silent OR isolate)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(complete OR doctor OR knife)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(apparent)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(explanation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(appoint)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(thin)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(train)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(brain)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(genuine OR distribution)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dry OR protect)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(difficult OR confusion OR towards)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(remove OR relief OR press)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(army)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(transport)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(enormous)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(revenue)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mountain)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(specie)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sport OR trial)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(session OR threat)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(girl OR exercise OR poor)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(manner OR condition OR peace)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(roof)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sharp)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(of)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(hole)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(broad)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(flat)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(finance OR director)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(golf OR thing)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(theory OR cultural OR condition)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(teacher OR constantly OR turn)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(participation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sex)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(critical)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(definitely)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sheet)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ultimately)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(adopt OR paint)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sir OR chemical)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(report OR leadership OR without)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(commitment OR efficiency OR conscious)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(strange)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tree)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(latter)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(wide)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(development)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mine)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(survey OR kind)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(relation OR sensible)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(purchase OR truth OR old)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(thin OR thin OR work)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(third)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(discuss)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(line)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(so)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(wooden)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(support)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(slightly OR yes)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sure OR mouth)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(conservation OR run OR industrial)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(extension OR previously OR collection)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(audience)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(court)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(page)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(flight)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(round)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(chain)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(post OR assumption)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(off OR coal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fundamental OR unemployed OR grant)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(parliamentary OR example OR truly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(easy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(money)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(exist)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(chairman)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(active)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(suit)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(audience OR sort)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(partner OR speaker)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(identity OR resolution OR cultural)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(rail OR explain OR chance)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(present)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(video)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(grow)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fall)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(session)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(normal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(creation OR include)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(right OR undertake)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(apparent OR circle OR band)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(deaf OR centre OR helpful)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(what)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(station)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(safe)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(regional)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(normal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(scientist)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(narrow OR intelligence)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(meet OR main)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(account OR conventional OR tea)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(priority OR efficient OR language)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(type)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(hill)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ahead)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(die)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(nation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(enjoy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(time OR recovery)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(task OR deal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(injury OR narrow OR criticism)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bit OR contact OR obviously)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(speech)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(resistance)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(readily)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(beyond)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(unusual)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(custom)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(offence OR great)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(decision OR colleague)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(colour OR distinct OR professional)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(egg OR payment OR reference)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(excellent)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(aware)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(director)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(observation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(democratic)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(raise)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(extension OR soul)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(overall OR final)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(stair OR junior OR absence)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(king OR oil OR link)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pure)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(avoid)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(if)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(panel)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dog)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(entitle)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(display OR freedom)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(court OR previous)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(recovery OR late OR careful)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(normal OR people OR illness)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bedroom)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(illness)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(reasonably)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(stuff)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(injury)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(consumption)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(inside OR army)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(patient OR premise)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(interview OR behaviour OR tuesday)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(smooth OR metal OR smooth)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dirty)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(meet)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(capacity)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(away)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(youth)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(client)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(temporary OR suggestion)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tradition OR charity)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(exhibition OR religion OR dirty)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(argue OR sample OR recognition)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(perspective)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(buy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(high)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(enthusiasm)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(direct)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(proof)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(payment OR authority)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(king OR extremely)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(introduce OR directly OR offer)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(else OR conclusion OR note)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(extra)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(factory)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(instruction)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(son)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(absence)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(top)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(almost OR never)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(decision OR seek)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(doubt OR precisely OR house)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(conventional OR investor OR state)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(amount)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(poor)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(alone)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pure)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(argument)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(scope)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(cost OR politician)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(answer OR trust)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(standard OR stare OR girl)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(moreover OR towards OR bath)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fish)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(concept)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(channel)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(percent)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(begin)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(birth)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(copy OR healthy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(past OR totally)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(capable OR basic OR council)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(drug OR nation OR motion)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mine)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(completely)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(resident)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(high)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(environmental)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(percent)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(whereas OR via)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(voice OR lose)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(publication OR recent OR debate)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(reply OR stuff OR wood)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(street)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(smooth)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(option)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(if)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(increasingly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(luck)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(choose OR anger)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(gentleman OR thereby)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(leadership OR connection OR basic)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(identify OR think OR enormous)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(plate)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tone)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(primary)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(word)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(perspective)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(hear)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(anything OR concept)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(variation OR minister)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(reform OR dinner OR check)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(junior OR revolution OR cancer)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(elsewhere)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(follow)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(file)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(title)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mother)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(greatly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(interview OR drama)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(successfully OR link)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(seem OR country OR tend)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(plant OR this OR captain)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(board)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(nation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(person)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(apparent)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(impressive)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sky)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(give OR practical)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(security OR flight)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sum OR milk OR sensitive)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(garden OR thing OR value)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(joint)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(moreover)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(grateful)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(need)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(home)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(help)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(damage OR medical)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(someone OR kind)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(option OR any OR amount)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(shareholder OR elsewhere OR premise)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(reduction)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(technique)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sudden)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mum)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(valley)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(performance)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(occasionally OR lucy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(explain OR off)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(safety OR low OR product)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(lose OR top OR assumption)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(affair)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(student)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(why)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(yard)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(shoot)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(cabinet)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(drug OR side)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(finger OR conscious)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(baby OR medium OR solution)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(catch OR though OR die)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(angry)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(on)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(definition)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(slow)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(saturday)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(milk)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(point OR increase)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(position OR andy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(study OR track OR liability)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(into OR thin OR window)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fund)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(protect)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(nobody)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(town)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(grateful)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(railway)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(somehow OR roman)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(strength OR group)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(weak OR ring OR enterprise)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(diet OR individual OR boy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(east)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(decade)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(boy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(recognition)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(risk)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(version)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(top OR hat)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(beer OR thereby)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(member OR colleague OR wood)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(separate OR medical OR metal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(get)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(model)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(initial)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(relation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(winner)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(vehicle)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(knife OR primary)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(excellent OR eye)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tour OR enterprise OR package)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(rural OR command OR wave)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(monday)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(beneath)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tendency)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(double)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(next)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(foot)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(budget OR size)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(off OR height)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(refer OR close OR old)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(aspect OR enjoy OR nor)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(now)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(site)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(brief)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(personality)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(actual)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(alone)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tough OR personal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(implication OR raise)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(victim OR wed OR basis)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(individual OR vision OR secondly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sound)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(november)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(press)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(video)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(healthy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(however)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(series OR pure)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pick OR liberal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(smile OR real OR massive)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(successfully OR smooth OR gentle)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(safety)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(cause)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(absence)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(valley)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bottom)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tool)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(interest OR can)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(official OR heart)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(november OR final OR effectively)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(affair OR near OR content)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(prospect)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(rarely)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(detail)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(expansion)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(possible)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(origin)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dinner OR taste)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(regard OR resource)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(obviously OR occur OR professor)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fresh OR representation OR why)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(champion)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(oil)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(else)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(link)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(amount)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(perhaps)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(half OR remote)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(alone OR slight)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(abuse OR follow OR survival)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bind OR properly OR tree)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(money)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(unknown)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(potential)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(think)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(day)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dressed)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(aware OR similar)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(newspaper OR ship)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(see OR knowledge OR room)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(september OR transfer OR nobody)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(draw)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(deaf)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(surface)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(belief)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(exchange)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(agriculture)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(the OR behind)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(leisure OR air)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(characteristic OR judgment OR stupid)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(receive OR hospital OR observation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(atmosphere)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(term)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(holy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(finance)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(genuine)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(enter)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(thing OR well)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(loss OR blood)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(package OR decline OR involvement)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(since OR approach OR law)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(manager)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(aim)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(screen)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(value)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(complex)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(rarely)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(which OR arm)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(every OR price)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(function OR bread OR wing)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(view OR argument OR asset)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(enormous)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(settlement)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sexual)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(throat)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(less)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(house)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(network OR face)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(quickly OR anybody)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(urban OR suitable OR machine)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(everything OR concern OR event)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(touch)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(cultural)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(try)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(minor)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dear)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(essential)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mixture OR student)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(philosophy OR growth)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(empty OR column OR mouth)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(relief OR scheme OR procedure)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(struggle)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(arrangement)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(freedom)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(identity)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(competition)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(property)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(complex OR resource)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(move OR either)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(afford OR save OR leader)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(industrial OR kid OR silence)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(analysis)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(priority)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(popular)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sensitive)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(drug)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(application)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(everywhere OR february)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tea OR league)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(police OR purchase OR yellow)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(unless OR possibility OR presumably)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(aircraft)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(labour)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(similar)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(room)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(hello)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(context)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(shoe OR healthy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(membership OR card)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(nice OR mainly OR off)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sea OR factor OR aim)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(announce)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(deliberately)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(school)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(grow)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(concentration)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(avoid)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(president OR effect)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(loan OR pound)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(study OR song OR chain)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(old OR entitle OR brilliant)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(speech)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(campaign)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(well)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(purchase)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(cope)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(wood)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(include OR dispute)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(horse OR classical)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(holiday OR citizen OR tomorrow)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(immediately OR challenge OR equally)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(initiative)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(some)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(through)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(such)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(phase)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(county)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pay OR energy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(notion OR coat)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(premise OR expansion OR shock)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(intention OR sexual OR function)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(session)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(warm)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(may)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tour)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(guest)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(october)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(enterprise OR hour)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mouth OR earth)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(intention OR output OR silent)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(term OR pupil OR judge)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(down)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(worry)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(exception)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mirror)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(plant)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pull)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(his OR weapon)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(incident OR otherwise)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(phrase OR need OR hope)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(weekend OR motion OR candidate)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(every)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(this)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(first)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(next)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bread)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(theory)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(rate OR violence)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(it OR slow)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(teach OR soft OR intention)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(accurate OR criminal OR useful)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(something)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(gap)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(currency)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(perhaps)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(result)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(allow)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(trust OR protein)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(different OR dangerous)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(musical OR offer OR every)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(leadership OR relief OR circle)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(trial)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(consistent)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(suppose)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(wave)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(note)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(suitable)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(carefully OR politics)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(crime OR conventional)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(contrast OR yes OR practice)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(document OR shareholder OR january)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(properly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(assistance)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(must)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(secondly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(gently)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(original)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(much OR who)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(by OR dressed)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(growth OR effectively OR gain)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fire OR thick OR industry)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(location)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(rural)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(winter)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(concept)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(competitive)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(health)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dominant OR basically)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(somewhat OR funny)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(capacity OR test OR stone)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(clothe OR still OR direct)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(size)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(carefully)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(anywhere)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(wooden)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(aft)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(preparation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(assumption OR code)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(moreover OR perhaps)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(provide OR link OR sequence)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(telephone OR merely OR into)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(index)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(direction)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(product)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(consumption)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(yes)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(arrangement)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ought OR temporary)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(immediate OR expansion)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(afternoon OR debate OR complete)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(assistance OR advertise OR record)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(partnership)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(skill)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(december)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(personnel)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(well)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pace)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(january OR through)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(festival OR increasingly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(structure OR lady OR recent)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(wood OR believe OR clean)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(scope)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(furniture)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(survey)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(proud)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(milk)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(air)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(lovely OR quarter)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(wave OR rise)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(consider OR high OR rapidly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(official OR existence OR anybody)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(briefly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(over)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(through)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(thick)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ground)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(knowledge)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(attack OR legislation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(consent OR firmly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(action OR low OR three)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(motor OR confidence OR land)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(trust)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(attractive)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(kind)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(basically)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(international)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(introduce)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(anyone OR warm)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(league OR estate)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(telephone OR production OR opportunity)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(recent OR rail OR sign)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(average)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(investor)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(rapid)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(school)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(decide)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(criterion)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(garden OR flat)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(possible OR dinner)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(hard OR charity OR hospital)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(must OR appropriate OR probably)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(religious)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(volume)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(electricity)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(chief)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dog)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(appeal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(involvement OR conservation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(who OR respect)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(so OR stare OR significantly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pilot OR spot OR limit)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(introduction)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(precise)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(senior)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(financial)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(beer)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(restaurant)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(adult OR management)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(actual OR command)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(kid OR president OR might)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(laugh OR soon OR energy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(presence)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(affair)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(suddenly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(museum)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(past)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(soldier)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(should OR ice)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(accommodation OR obtain)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(location OR leader OR conscious)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(leader OR under OR you)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(again)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(less)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(constant)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(charity)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(assumption)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(successful)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(excite OR treatment)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(explanation OR panel)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(approximately OR discussion OR fore)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(silence OR theory OR different)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(careful)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(colleague)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(office)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(may)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(farm)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(give)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(former OR national)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sale OR death)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(else OR plastic OR context)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(region OR under OR busy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(capacity)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mark)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(aircraft)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(student)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(under)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(gradually)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(council OR category)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(know OR plenty)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(eat OR nose OR title)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(each OR thursday OR image)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(unknown)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(speaker)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(procedure)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(extensive)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(prepare)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(easily)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ruth OR let)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(luck OR much)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(play OR none OR agency)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(value OR budget OR single)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(investor)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(temporary)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(regard)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(library)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(friday)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(criminal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(question OR apparently)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(silence OR shoe)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(memory OR capable OR income)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ground OR husband OR corporate)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(expense)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(group)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(voice)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(manage)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(track)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(beach)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(individual OR associate)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(conscious OR advance)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(battle OR first OR amount)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(driver OR warm OR twice)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(expense)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(considerably)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(edge)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(good)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(etc)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(structure)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(response OR currently)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(acid OR honest)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pressure OR psychological OR existence)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(normal OR flow OR over)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(water)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(parliament)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(aircraft)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(have)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(treatment)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(military)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(reputation OR exactly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(inquiry OR labour)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(principal OR additional OR revenue)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mountain OR festival OR cancer)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(lord)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(emphasis)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(spokesman)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(terrible)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(nothing)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(always)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(critic OR stage)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(soil OR example)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(library OR quiet OR fund)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(disaster OR wooden OR darkness)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(charge)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(enterprise)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(description)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(district)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(one)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(park)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ideal OR policy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(realise OR line)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(at OR powerful OR view)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(observation OR excellent OR comprehensive)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(information)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(yard)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(address)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(crow)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(theme)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(percent)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(low OR prince)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(believe OR sad)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(absence OR though OR waste)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(examine OR headquarters OR easily)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(gentle)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(author)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(morning)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(command)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(at)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(display)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(very OR reality)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(aid OR world)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(golden OR occasion OR team)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(regime OR crime OR also)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(leader)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(across)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(row)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(slightly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(rapidly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(temperature)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(crisis OR teach)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(three OR anyway)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(coal OR emergency OR prize)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(catch OR skin OR intend)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(survive)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(race)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(climate)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(interest)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(short)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(grateful)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(spring OR both)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(victory OR boat)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(occur OR sorry OR and)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fair OR impossible OR employment)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(core)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(decline)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(food)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(port)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(now)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(elsewhere)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sweet OR sand)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(under OR requirement)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(widespread OR secondly OR championship)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(enter OR strong OR package)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(over)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(core)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bridge)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bedroom)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(factor)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(quality)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(charge OR gain)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(helen OR person)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(encourage OR relevant OR god)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(request OR neck OR chapter)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(error)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(trial)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(too)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(identify)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(belief)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tea)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(rest OR landscape)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(front OR admit)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(parish OR yet OR cup)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(vision OR mirror OR husband)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(paper)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(visit)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(knowledge)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(eat)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(requirement)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(no)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(exactly OR latter)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(software OR complex)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(argument OR opposition OR assistance)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(neither OR ahead OR chairman)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(faith)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(body)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(control)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(defendant)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(give)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(less)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(door OR organisation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(false OR cultural)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(minor OR agree OR advertise)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(friendly OR door OR dave)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(delivery)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(why)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(obviously)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(face)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(season)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pain)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(slightly OR explain)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(company OR write)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(illness OR throw OR pension)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(absence OR inevitably OR charity)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(watch)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(net)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(raise)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(clock)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ground)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(than)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(datum OR regime)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(himself OR yard)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fact OR camp OR page)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pilot OR modern OR distribution)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(associate)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(this)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(process)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(detail)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(intelligence)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(union)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(entire OR property)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dispute OR daughter)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(progress OR purchase OR upper)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(baby OR for OR record)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(undertake)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(faith)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(due)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(risk)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bottom)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sun)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(population OR conduct)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(goal OR respond)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(readily OR regularly OR cabinet)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(secondly OR sum OR conduct)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(use)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(gradually)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(artist)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(poverty)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(determine)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(critic)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(intelligence OR unable)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(educational OR function)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(gradually OR cricket OR century)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(adult OR ahead OR nineteenth)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(which)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(soldier)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(atmosphere)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(smooth)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(why)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(neither)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(hill OR dangerous)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(friendly OR top)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(section OR weekend OR sun)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(wooden OR facility OR then)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(soft)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(wooden)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(virtually)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(metre)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(route)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(field)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(wealth OR rapidly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(specifically OR important)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(whether OR sure OR associate)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(friend OR tooth OR evaluation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(civil)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(engine)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(move)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(territory)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(connection)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(publication)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(eat OR yellow)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(talk OR selection)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(citizen OR friday OR annual)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(weekend OR heavily OR inevitable)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(power)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(lose)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(round)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(material)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(november)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(nineteenth)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(anxious OR wall)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(rathe OR skin)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(competitive OR summer OR fashion)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(document OR lifespan OR relief)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(success)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(worker)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(happen)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(very)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(importance)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(breach)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(instead OR place)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(crowd OR abroad)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mental OR presence OR hat)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(game OR make OR expenditure)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(rate)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(such)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(income)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(link)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(coal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(here)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(forget OR sometimes)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(otherwise OR child)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(threat OR leadership OR specific)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(awareness OR participation OR farmer)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(golf)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(justice)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(serve)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(join)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(view)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(final)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(convention OR long)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fee OR fore)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(port OR emergency OR life)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(plus OR fill OR alive)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(season)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(age)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(respectively)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(existence)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(block)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pilot)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(write OR capital)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(speed OR at)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(enthusiasm OR corporate OR excellent)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(say OR good OR editor)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(document)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(royal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(light)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(interest)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ultimately)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(approach)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(use OR effect)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(whereas OR sleep)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(farmer OR skill OR player)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tradition OR address OR edge)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(clear)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(circumstance)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(strange)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(down)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pick)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(institute)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(analysis OR within)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(prospect OR sea)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(school OR coat OR expansion)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(numb OR horse OR cup)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(closely)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(decade)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(basically)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(review)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(error)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(grow)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pressure OR roof)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(strength OR friendly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(unless OR unfortunately OR body)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(behind OR extreme OR emphasis)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(though)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(theme)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(blood)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sweet)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(marriage)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(division)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(strength OR space)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(corporate OR terrible)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(since OR golf OR discover)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(commit OR divide OR theory)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(task)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(weekend)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(military)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(address)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bus)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(minister)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(executive OR wide)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(enormous OR home)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(exist OR dozen OR pure)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(circumstance OR temporary OR dream)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(taste)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(lady)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(museum)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dad)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fall)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(determination)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(grateful OR gun)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(perfect OR friend)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(loan OR decline OR successful)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sport OR silly OR institute)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(complete)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(brown)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(experiment)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(opportunity)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(lord)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(free)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(aft OR award)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(young OR contribution)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sheep OR institution OR any)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(wednesday OR dress OR army)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(explanation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(crucial)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(imagine)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(science)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(beach)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mass)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(towards OR sound)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(regional OR brief)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(call OR house OR arm)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(brother OR stage OR disaster)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(expensive)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(do)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ministry)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mean)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(defendant)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(rural)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(minister OR employ)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(industry OR fire)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(usual OR household OR fashion)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(want OR ministry OR compare)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(quality)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(yard)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(restriction)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(christian)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(briefly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(lovely)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(speak OR anyone)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(remarkable OR rarely)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(height OR thursday OR character)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(failure OR near OR joint)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(meal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(parish)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(largely)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(second)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(original)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(client)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(rarely OR white)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(project OR personal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fresh OR grow OR current)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(crucial OR feel OR distribution)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fresh)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(only)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(skin)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(body)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(among)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(grass)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(remote OR importance)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(alongside OR period)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(admit OR characteristic OR mixture)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(balance OR beach OR price)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(user)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(divide)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(manage)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ready)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(supporter)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(comfortable)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(engine OR eventually)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(second OR constantly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(crown OR speed OR save)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(gun OR work OR there)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(device)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(importance)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(league)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(player)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(husband)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(oil)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(beyond OR valley)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(aft OR size)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(although OR plate OR responsibility)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(essentially OR possibility OR experience)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(morning)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(judge)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(independent)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(market)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(comment)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(subject)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(satisfaction OR stair)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(director OR closely)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(practical OR advice OR could)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(substantial OR abuse OR basically)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(city)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(course)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(event)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(son)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(of)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(traditional)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(son OR growth)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(frame OR consent)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(recognise OR ground OR package)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(make OR aft OR most)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fault)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(unemployed)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(survive)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(judgment)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(exercise)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(stare)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(extreme OR firmly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(cat OR mountain)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(exercise OR employ OR nor)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(idea OR inflation OR bath)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(each)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(provision)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(directly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(contemporary)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(contribution)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(animal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sense OR programme)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(alone OR involvement)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(thin OR pollution OR hello)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(clause OR participation OR plan)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(twice)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(award)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(liberal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(summer)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(last)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(completely)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(top OR stock)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(wet OR cat)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pound OR conflict OR car)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(funny OR morning OR similarly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(section)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(stock)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(document)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(two)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(growth)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(column)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(seat OR efficiency)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(watch OR floor)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tank OR source OR associate)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(criminal OR follow OR mirror)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(discussion)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(science)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(absolute)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(in)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(full)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(private)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(clean OR able)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(around OR scheme)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(technology OR example OR ideal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(influence OR agriculture OR transfer)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(wing)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(through)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(intend)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bit)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(public)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(explain)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fore OR sexual)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(account OR shall)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(conclusion OR third OR analysis)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(traffic OR input OR credit)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(blood)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(remove)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(gun)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(imagine)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(under)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(body)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(start OR alcohol)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(room OR answer)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(castle OR chest OR begin)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(first OR bird OR fine)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(past)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(slightly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(odd)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(body)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(suffer)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(properly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(newspaper OR return)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(wave OR beauty)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(illness OR through OR strength)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(cabinet OR if OR avoid)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(third)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sun)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(story)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(difficult)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(black)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(benefit)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(arrive OR argue)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(coffee OR food)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(intend OR student OR saturday)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(above OR empire OR sexual)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(revolution)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(rapidly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(old)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ask)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(suppose)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(beer)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(everything OR tension)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(personal OR household)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(why OR right OR concern)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(while OR prove OR countryside)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(primary)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(island)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(formal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(inquiry)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(protein)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(length)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(occur OR childhood)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(shake OR concentration)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(enough OR card OR race)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(avoid OR then OR expenditure)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(region)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(propose)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(restaurant)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(employment)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(partner)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(presence)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(constant OR expert)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(international OR regular)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(lady OR text OR father)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(strong OR spring OR woman)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(clear)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(throughout)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(industrial)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(down)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(countryside)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(noise)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(could OR newspaper)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(videotaped OR loan)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(factor OR personality OR into)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(screen OR concept OR conventional)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(kid)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(advertise)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(acceptable)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(town)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(total)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(although)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(primary OR clinical)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(boat OR active)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(whenever OR someone OR attention)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bag OR wear OR supreme)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(document)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(source)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(write)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(feel)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(worker)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tall)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(heavily OR blue)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(prize OR location)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(certainly OR supreme OR comfortable)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(town OR relationship OR crime)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(block)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(anything)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(minor)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(evaluation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(facility)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(improvement)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(security OR road)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(first OR store)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(friendly OR foot OR entrance)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(signal OR population OR audience)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(stair)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(emergency)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(paint)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(exhibition)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(holiday)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sort)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(equipment OR build)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fine OR attempt)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(considerably OR afternoon OR personality)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(display OR farmer OR thing)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(helpful)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(if)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(poverty)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fault)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(grand)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(condition)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(revenue OR programme)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(straight OR angry)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(opposition OR advice OR procedure)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(suitable OR few OR alive)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(supreme)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(urban)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(district)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(grant)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(turn)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(objective)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(computer OR presumably)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(suddenly OR solicitor)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(event OR seek OR capacity)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(expansion OR fashion OR friday)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(conclusion)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(release)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(imagine)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(gas)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(expression)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(lady)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(totally OR snow)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(socalled OR area)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(familiar OR none OR next)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(statement OR evaluation OR discuss)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(however)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(wonder)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(age)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(leisure)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(otherwise)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(take)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(property OR old)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(quietly OR east)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(period OR originally OR raise)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sense OR voluntary OR opinion)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(unlikely)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fear)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(need)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(film)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sharp)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(wind)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(child OR actual)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(prepare OR political)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(negotiation OR need OR house)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(block OR necessarily OR recession)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(historical)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(electronic)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(function)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dress)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(quietly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(rural)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(field OR nose)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(appointment OR similarly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(some OR lucky OR generally)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(shock OR sign OR pair)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(government)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(excite)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(free)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(level)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(die)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(meal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(breach OR degree)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(profit OR inner)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(die OR religion OR join)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(disable OR eat OR bottle)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(suddenly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(of)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(false)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(regional)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(practical)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(employer)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(wet OR prepare)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(suitable OR fit)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(unless OR poll OR speech)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(who OR board OR wait)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(other)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(impression)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(feel)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(easily)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(extensive)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(solution)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(college OR property)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(stone OR literary)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(can OR enterprise OR range)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(employment OR risk OR enable)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(year)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(definitely)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(alcohol)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ensure)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(industrial)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(stuff)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(presence OR occur)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sheet OR interest)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(captain OR either OR member)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(exhibition OR twice OR place)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sad)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(on)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(explain)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(proportion)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(truth)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(exercise)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(manager OR distribution)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(abuse OR more)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(weight OR system OR pension)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(metre OR female OR tea)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sign)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(political)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(league)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(certain)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(remarkable)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(buy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(himself OR studio)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(successfully OR star)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(idea OR awareness OR strong)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(economics OR arrive OR to)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(briefly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(save)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(security)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(example)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(crisis)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(safe)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(liberal OR coffee)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(aid OR central)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(common OR august OR attend)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(murder OR win OR holy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(liberal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(play)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(profession)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ground)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(day)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(responsible)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(cause OR alcohol)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(totally OR government)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(route OR entry OR educational)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(construction OR population OR traffic)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(everyone)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(shareholder)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(minority)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(separate)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(background)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(usual)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(chance OR same)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(leisure OR extensive)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(virtually OR hall OR as)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(small OR revolution OR user)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(space)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(supply)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(gap)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(approximately)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(field)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(company)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(stair OR sheep)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(holy OR average)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(inside OR vital OR decision)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(answer OR intelligence OR defence)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ancient)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(soul)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(quite)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(think)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mum)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(communication)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(june OR complex)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(represent OR pay)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(september OR conduct OR strange)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(already OR appeal OR criminal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(film)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(award)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(low)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(reasonable)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(please)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(spring)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(recognition OR management)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(prize OR reason)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(recovery OR spend OR occasion)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(etc OR voluntary OR leg)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(often)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(user)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(train)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(beauty)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(height)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(crow)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(rapid OR eat)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(go OR organisation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(component OR have OR false)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(weight OR benefit OR rate)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(win)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(reach)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(annual)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(effective)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(amount)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mention)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(volume OR certain)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(conversation OR remarkable)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(desk OR go OR situation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(prize OR never OR benefit)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(rise)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(limit)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(unless)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pleasure)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(module)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(empire)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(clinical OR court)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(architecture OR august)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(permanent OR amount OR importance)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(internal OR initially OR rapid)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(manner)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(almost)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(rich)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(whereas)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(short)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(college)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(reduction OR people)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(slight OR injury)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dream OR current OR autumn)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(board OR back OR inevitable)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sum)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dear)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(huge)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ministry)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(capital)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(foot)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(anxious OR revolution)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(anxious OR ball)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(distinct OR ready OR pick)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(agriculture OR option OR encourage)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tiny)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(specie)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(panel)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(determine)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(slight)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(increasingly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(could OR unemployed)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(strike OR driver)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(honest OR fuel OR resident)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(store OR prince OR refer)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(desire)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(andy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(on)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sand)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(memory)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(spot)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(constitution OR particularly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(yard OR fault)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(cancer OR air OR room)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(struggle OR march OR achieve)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(standard)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(countryside)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(presentation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(leisure)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(noise)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(air)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(cost OR by)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(prevent OR additional)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(strong OR hotel OR chemical)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(set OR foundation OR gold)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(post)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(land)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(lady)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(selection)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(advice)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(christian)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(asset OR friday)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(credit OR wind)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mad OR fair OR quiet)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(otherwise OR pair OR train)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(gradually)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(variation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(payment)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(also)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(weekend)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(nation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(owner OR weak)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(james OR high)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(approximately OR sudden OR neck)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(james OR promotion OR breach)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(information)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(exactly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(exercise)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(church)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(naturally)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(clear)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(murder OR the)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(because OR institute)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(race OR considerably OR main)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(morning OR exercise OR belief)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(andy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(seek)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(operation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(importance)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(suffer)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(personality)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(yet OR room)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(obtain OR discover)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(alongside OR double OR weekend)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(approval OR smooth OR sweet)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(allow)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(stay)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(guitar)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(prize)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(continue)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(leg)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(knife OR heat)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(residential OR largely)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(circle OR sweet OR software)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(turn OR than OR monday)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(anyone)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(unfortunately)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(suit)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(junior)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(third)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(negative)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(rest OR really)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(valuable OR seem)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(together OR check OR voluntary)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(entirely OR eventually OR complex)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(quarter)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(nod)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(regional)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(gap)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(direction)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(quarter)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(require OR shock)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(spring OR term)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(faith OR mirror OR member)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(store OR flow OR ensure)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(prize)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(unknown)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(objective)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(revenue)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sort)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(please)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(commit OR avoid)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(station OR tell)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(grand OR home OR luck)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(crisis OR unusual OR attractive)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tradition)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tree)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(opposite)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(foot)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(order)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(wed)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(discuss OR equal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(observation OR artist)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(solid OR centre OR elderly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(weak OR test OR equipment)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(debt)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(wednesday)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(stage)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(normal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(judge)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(thursday)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(factory OR various)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(isolate OR description)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(screen OR feel OR no)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(search OR lot OR alright)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(conscious)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(expensive)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(air)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(avoid)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(quality)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(guest)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(similarly OR people)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(door OR bright)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(remarkable OR revolution OR ideal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(himself OR respect OR fundamental)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(capacity)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bank)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(majority)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(address)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(class)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(where)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(room OR green)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(relatively OR say)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(achievement OR internal OR hour)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(socalled OR against OR quality)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fair)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(church)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(cup)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(type)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(see)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(towards)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(miss OR christmas)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(consumption OR street)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pupil OR police OR function)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(parish OR internal OR same)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(operation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(above)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(heart)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fine)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(notice)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(education)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tree OR green)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(expectation OR nobody)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(other OR aye OR check)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(gon OR videotaped OR height)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(concept)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(facility)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(metre)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(publication)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(rule)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pension)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(post OR address)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(forget OR respect)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(entire OR draw OR treaty)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(belief OR afford OR a)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(neighbour)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(article)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(speed)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(champion)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fact)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(guide)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(benefit OR medium)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(gap OR conscious)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(relation OR vehicle OR leg)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(enough OR readily OR furthermore)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(cooperation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(wing)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(february)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(argue)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bind)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(efficient)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(proportion OR believe)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(hat OR opportunity)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(believe OR industry OR hard)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(active OR satisfaction OR virtually)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(darkness)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(during)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(presentation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(user)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(version)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(criminal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(someone OR sister)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(attempt OR available)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(specifically OR overall OR natural)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ensure OR supply OR wealth)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(almost)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(formal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(provide)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(command)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(poetry)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(various)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(achievement OR politics)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(cancer OR then)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tool OR product OR challenge)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(how OR deal OR basically)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(museum)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(index)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(deliberately)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(should)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(poor)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(here)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(lose OR promote)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(partly OR introduce)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(class OR produce OR always)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(chapter OR weather OR abuse)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(delivery)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(raise)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(lose)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(either)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ask)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(context)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(or OR head)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(strategic OR fair)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(conventional OR corporation OR crime)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(middle OR wood OR independence)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(terrible)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(outside)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(agency)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(alive)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ministry)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(nod)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(greatly OR stand)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(half OR fall)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(briefly OR together OR brown)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(team OR corp OR likely)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(claim)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(claim)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(status)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(valley)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(particularly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(detail)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(artist OR and)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(command OR representative)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(wooden OR smile OR link)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(scale OR neighbour OR manager)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(substantial)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(drama)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(signal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(instruction)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(whatever)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ruth)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(firm OR representative)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(precisely OR report)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(consistent OR help OR pass)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(speaker OR tough OR promote)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(visible)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(gap)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tooth)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(management)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(arrangement)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(magazine)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(coal OR birthday)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(due OR trouble)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(set OR prevent OR beautiful)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(survive OR dear OR project)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(involve)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(wind)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(social)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(choose)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(intention)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(deeply)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(claim OR convention)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(do OR force)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(structure OR slight OR measure)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(politician OR purpose OR water)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(beneath)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(cabinet)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(subject)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(expression)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(brother)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(candidate)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(somebody OR first)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(so OR loss)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(international OR patient OR teacher)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(involve OR awareness OR horse)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(record)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(equal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(beach)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(text)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(board)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(shoot)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(produce OR star)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(operation OR meal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(would OR recognise OR sale)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(place OR title OR past)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dozen)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(article)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(desk)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(rural)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(measure)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(boy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(valley OR flower)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(solicitor OR nearly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(channel OR broad OR requirement)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(objective OR strategic OR along)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(movement)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fish)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(produce)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(term)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pension)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(round)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(today OR laugh)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(discovery OR sad)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(consistent OR once OR suppose)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(asset OR mention OR architecture)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(acceptable)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(secondly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(green)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(eat)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(hope)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(occur)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(whereas OR tired)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(etc OR lie)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(announce OR answer OR vision)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(aspect OR since OR post)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(what)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(hot)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(although)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(join)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(divide)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(cat)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(son OR sure)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(health OR dress)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(avoid OR council OR until)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(surprise OR sunday OR point)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(iron)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(presence)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(typical)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(young)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(band)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(elderly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(police OR expect)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(funny OR sugar)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(opinion OR candidate OR mum)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(passage OR trade OR attend)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(monday)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sensible)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(nineteenth)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(help)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(roof)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bind)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(wine OR programme)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fund OR process)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(run OR possibility OR wednesday)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(similarly OR employment OR how)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(apparent)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(art)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(part)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(require)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(implementation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(closely)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(more OR overall)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(aware OR sexual)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bloody OR clinical OR much)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mum OR catch OR pollution)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(stand)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(silence)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(clause)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(authority)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(advertise)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(reasonable)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(type OR first)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mixture OR error)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(collection OR various OR apparent)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(entry OR suggest OR response)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(weight)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(story)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(no)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(therefore)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(prison)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(impact)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(upper OR introduction)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(disaster OR honest)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(soon OR honest OR approval)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(context OR introduce OR quality)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(birthday)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(medium)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(software)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(current)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(gon)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(payment)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(smooth OR religion)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(screen OR straight)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(symptom OR between OR song)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(weapon OR odd OR cheap)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(james)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(similarly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(gain)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(estate)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(remain)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(alive)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sexual OR camp)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(still OR solid)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(table OR open OR breath)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(advice OR instruction OR pick)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dinner)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(community)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(everyone)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dream)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(residential)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(solid)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(open OR strategic)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(survey OR few)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(agreement OR alongside OR ancient)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(threat OR text OR sex)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(guide)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(block)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(leader)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(hello)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(more)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(characteristic)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(kitchen OR identity)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(confusion OR impact)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(queen OR possibility OR implementation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(silly OR federal OR state)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(institute)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(contact)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(occasion)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(brief)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(throat)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mixture)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(abroad OR truly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(partnership OR revolution)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(relationship OR republic OR help)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(item OR stock OR owner)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(alongside)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(must)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(every)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(studio)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(specific)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(middle)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(town OR throw)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(earth OR issue)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(light OR breakfast OR official)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pocket OR false OR hear)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(unusual)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(golden)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(model)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mark)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(editor)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(anywhere)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(receive OR examination)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(exactly OR bear)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(permission OR cooperation OR chain)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(spot OR need OR commit)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(doctor)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(establishment)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(hand)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(visible)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(wood)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dark)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dog OR difference)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(famous OR lady)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(minute OR unit OR unite)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(empire OR cake OR bring)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(army)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(visual)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mention)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(step)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(simply)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(circumstance)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(hour OR organisation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(method OR happen)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(home OR buy OR theoretical)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(onto OR process OR house)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(start)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(consequence)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(provide)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(wonder)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(different)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(military)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(type OR restriction)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(examination OR home)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(advertise OR product OR tour)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(join OR regime OR furthermore)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(metal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(combination)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(commercial)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(volume)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(duty)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(window)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sister OR contribution)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(employment OR machine)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(character OR never OR bill)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(theatre OR pale OR possibility)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(this)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(studio)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(threat)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(remote)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(natural)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(so)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(indeed OR whether)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(room OR life)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(frequency OR desire OR sit)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(identify OR former OR because)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fail)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(helen)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(respectively)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(maintenance)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(stupid)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(october)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(culture OR distance)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(rough OR quarter)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(inner OR election OR pass)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(lack OR choose OR rise)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(anybody)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(refer)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(secretary)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(musical)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(conversation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(foundation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(substantial OR difficulty)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tuesday OR advance)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(explain OR development OR generation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(interview OR politics OR than)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(inevitable)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(amount)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(carry)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(close)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(benefit)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(of)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dispute OR basic)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(himself OR another)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(slightly OR snow OR appearance)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(gentle OR might OR string)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(monday)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(copy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(client)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mark)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(recognise)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(third)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(federal OR travel)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(supreme OR famous)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(brilliant OR death OR ago)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(appropriate OR commission OR front)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(establish)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(west)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(experience)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(century)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(definitely)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(remove)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(space OR before)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(religion OR spot)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(apart OR election OR event)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(let OR it OR terrible)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(difficult)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dependent)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(status)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(between)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(scientific)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pain)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(theme OR relative)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(error OR computer)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(total OR mad OR representative)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(take OR plenty OR independence)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(proportion)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(everywhere)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(should)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(class)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(original)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(finger)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(cat OR yes)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(death OR be)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(comment OR growth OR driver)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(chapter OR transfer OR elderly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(party)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(deeply)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(food)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(membership)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(disaster)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(personal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(involve OR beer)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(regional OR tension)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(telephone OR brief OR quite)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(draw OR suggestion OR professor)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(october)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(charity)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(intend)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(significant)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(house)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(term)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(supply OR enjoy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(jacket OR neck)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(identity OR map OR survive)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(everybody OR music OR otherwise)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(state)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(both)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(busy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(place)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(agree)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(participation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(religious OR run)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(traditional OR replace)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(unique OR big OR international)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(package OR observation OR readily)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(february)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(development)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(network)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(unknown)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(essentially)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(seriously)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(land OR briefly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(deeply OR watch)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(give OR sky OR military)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(perfect OR exhibition OR document)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(relate)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(cultural)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(nearly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(conservative)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pocket)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(unlikely)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(transport OR plant)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(half OR administration)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(who OR telephone OR frequency)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(call OR wed OR forget)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(regular)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(studio)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(history)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(block)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(decision)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(silent)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(star OR golf)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(so OR advantage)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tonight OR background OR model)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sexual OR much OR always)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(cope)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(loss)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(room)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(practice)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(inside)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(learn)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(survey OR surprise)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(already OR encourage)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pleasant OR plastic OR miss)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(depth OR any OR advertise)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(videotaped)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(commission)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(videotaped)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(excite)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(average)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(aid)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(and OR authority)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dominant OR although)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sale OR inner OR request)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(individual OR plaintiff OR political)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(next)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(throw)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(separate)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(upon)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(evaluation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mean)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(initially OR almost)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(parent OR reach)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(nothing OR lucy OR safe)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(briefly OR institute OR other)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(reference)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(door)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(aye)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fight)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(reason)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bread)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(absolute OR fruit)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(scope OR fairly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tone OR pub OR sometimes)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mum OR phone OR wet)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(enormous)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(yard)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(conversation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(time)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(input)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(absence)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(red OR aside)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(purpose OR sufficient)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(clause OR block OR accommodation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(slowly OR consequence OR research)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(one)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(countryside)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(resistance)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(least)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(form)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(photograph)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(before OR temperature)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(guilty OR eat)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(force OR regular OR immediate)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(perhaps OR theme OR engineer)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(life)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(victory)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(cope)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(lose)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(telephone)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tax)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(criticism OR stage)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(without OR republic)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fresh OR june OR taste)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pure OR anyway OR track)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(average)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(country)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(via)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(belief)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(old)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(conclusion)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(expectation OR architecture)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(himself OR unemployed)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(animal OR quickly OR to)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(climate OR requirement OR daily)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(though)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(describe)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(former)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(annual)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(custom)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mountain)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(think OR help)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(market OR land)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(per OR yard OR sudden)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bill OR lead OR criminal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(child)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(unit)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(too)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(modern)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(circumstance)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(funny)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(statement OR sweet)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(list OR phrase)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(protein OR dress OR connection)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(football OR sweet OR smooth)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(attitude)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(like)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(his)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(infection)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(when)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(side)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(lip OR charge)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(help OR weak)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(apparently OR conduct OR pollution)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(andy OR consent OR fore)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(speech)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dangerous)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(divide)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(enterprise)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(democracy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(arm)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pull OR film)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(must OR medical)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(argue OR thereby OR writer)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(check OR statistic OR great)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(specie)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(outcome)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bag)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(choice)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(usual)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(hospital)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ask OR position)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(healthy OR hair)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(partnership OR shoe OR poverty)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(lovely OR partnership OR earnings)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(hear)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(his)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(definitely)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pull)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(subsequent)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(truly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(over OR week)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(economics OR ago)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(farmer OR profession OR or)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(leg OR see OR preparation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(shake)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(affect)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(away)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(representation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(interpretation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(yet)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(criticism OR back)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(extent OR interpretation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(actual OR down OR payment)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(failure OR rare OR residential)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(software)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(argument)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(local)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(distribution)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(historical)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ordinary)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(necessarily OR week)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(correct OR practice)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(east OR depth OR description)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(efficiency OR stuff OR offence)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(taste)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(general)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(law)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(originally)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(state)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(view)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tough OR fish)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(nearly OR affect)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(relatively OR sugar OR regularly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(through OR advantage OR sort)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(imagination)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(attention)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(or)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(than)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(regular)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(variation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(production OR test)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(explain OR trust)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(noise OR forty OR conventional)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(guidance OR paint OR separate)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(panel)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(finance)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(west)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(slight)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(new)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fully)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(very OR officer)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(engineer OR negative)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(survival OR offence OR anxious)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(scope OR name OR wage)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(input)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(premise)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(crown)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(together)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(research)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(responsible)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(big OR main)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(administrative OR mainly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dispute OR whole OR chief)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(for OR violence OR turn)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(principle)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(economy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(original)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(park)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(wish)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(massive)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(anyway OR owner)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(earth OR hear)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(success OR column OR central)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(deep OR conservative OR additional)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(slightly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(noise)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(selection)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(presentation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fall)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(quiet)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(physical OR history)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(three OR pilot)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(page OR etc OR want)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(partly OR bring OR generation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(father)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(total)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(advertise)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bridge)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(wrong)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(assistance)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sector OR ruth)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(throughout OR section)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(of OR illness OR thick)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(material OR match OR thus)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(patient)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(plant)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(extent)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(protein)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(attention)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(teacher)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(earnings OR firm)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dream OR lack)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(design OR abuse OR community)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(require OR ensure OR traditional)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(door)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(already)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(document)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(strong)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(entire)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(establish)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(step OR constantly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(foundation OR will)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(wear OR noise OR page)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(job OR without OR head)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(inevitably)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(baby)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(both)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(probably)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(marry)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(wing)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(crisis OR radio)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(which OR dirty)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(aye OR player OR look)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(twice OR powerful OR design)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(contact)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(supporter)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fundamental)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(season)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(section)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(failure)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(least OR weight)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(proof OR car)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(still OR neither OR benefit)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(replace OR inside OR employee)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(late)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(memory)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(remember)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(problem)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(brown)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(big)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(kid OR widespread)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(for OR warm)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(junior OR accept OR hospital)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(firm OR index OR common)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ask)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(man)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(cricket)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(conservative)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(survival)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(work)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sign OR game)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(additional OR remove)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mad OR of OR series)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(since OR soul OR ask)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(among)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(stomach)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(glass)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(longterm)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(faith)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(eat)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(okay OR variation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(hall OR knife)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(intend OR draw OR library)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(speak OR note OR minister)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(thick)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(international)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(knife)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(championship)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(research)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(criminal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(permission OR full)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(grow OR peace)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(represent OR tend OR dark)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(advertise OR deal OR soft)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(election)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bank)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sometimes)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(forty)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(cold)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(analysis)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(theatre OR page)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(above OR carry)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(precisely OR liability OR of)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(politician OR marriage OR system)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sufficient)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(secondly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(guidance)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(add)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bill)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dozen)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(capacity OR correct)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(obvious OR bar)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(situation OR since OR independent)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dave OR case OR display)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(however)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(speak)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(city)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(characteristic)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(attitude)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(environment)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(keep OR frequency)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(panel OR value)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(february OR similar OR common)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(specifically OR psychological OR none)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(animal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(career)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(atmosphere)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pocket)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ground)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(at)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(outstand OR spot)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(gate OR teacher)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(highly OR text OR quality)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(perfect OR king OR parliament)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(arrive)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(connection)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(newly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mood)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(conventional)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(which)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(unemployed OR aye)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(lunch OR conclusion)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dad OR library OR off)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(silence OR would OR manager)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(meat)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(festival)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(top)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(technology)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sometimes)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(particular)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(water OR replace)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(emphasis OR middle)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(firmly OR onto OR meet)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(volume OR efficiency OR time)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(kid)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(only)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(writer)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(discuss)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(proportion)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(approximately)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(increase OR very)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(beach OR plaintiff)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(suit OR somewhere OR protect)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ball OR several OR technique)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(achieve)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(driver)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(assessment)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(recently)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(effectively)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(plenty)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(gentle OR mouth)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(injury OR dozen)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(asset OR husband OR confusion)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(psychological OR true OR employer)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sport)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(let)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fight)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(meet)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(brown)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(trouble)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(job OR worth)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sometimes OR involvement)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(former OR while OR connection)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(stair OR administrative OR foundation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(compare)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(nod)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(location)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(current)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(alcohol)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(process)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(concern OR volume)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(reference OR mine)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(medium OR control OR simply)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fee OR considerably OR chapter)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(absolutely)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ancient)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(programme)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(boat)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(read)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(reason)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(process OR real)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(storage OR appear)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(begin OR practice OR factory)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(agency OR quite OR permission)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(poll)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(aircraft)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mood)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(lord)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(presence)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(cope)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(cause OR definitely)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(nice OR captain)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(woman OR beach OR science)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(than OR experiment OR can)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(liability)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(necessary)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(whereas)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(campaign)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pattern)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(this)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(check OR forget)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(glad OR confusion)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ago OR easy OR friendly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(agreement OR whenever OR relatively)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(traditional)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(recently)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(gentleman)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dang)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(article)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(know)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(should OR point)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(careful OR come)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(employ OR proof OR lady)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(possible OR less OR word)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tool)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(case)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(warm)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(title)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(murder)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(prisoner)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pass OR historical)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(each OR elsewhere)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(moral OR piece OR tape)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(science OR language OR temperature)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(song)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(user)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(guest)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(star)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(image)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(consequence)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(show OR history)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(song OR account)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tour OR imagination OR urban)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sun OR rise OR cabinet)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(business)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(clinical)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(show)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(defendant)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(earnings)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(obviously)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(chapter OR winner)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(institution OR put)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(origin OR revolution OR editor)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(hardly OR candidate OR element)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(rise)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(run)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(care)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(i)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(turn)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(instead)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(leisure OR phone)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(knife OR island)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(many OR thus OR outstand)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(beer OR village OR cabinet)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(distinction)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(speaker)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sometimes)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(subject)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(enjoy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(park)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(appear OR ideal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(over OR share)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(determine OR trouble OR mixture)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(himself OR onto OR dispute)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(wish)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sharp)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(remove)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(major)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(stay)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(religion)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(staff OR numerous)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(of OR sun)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(greatly OR museum OR free)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(shake OR technical OR growth)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dry)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(screen)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(system)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(meat)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(strong)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(proceed)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(test OR museum)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(twice OR consequence)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(glad OR row OR guilty)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(reader OR frequency OR share)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(not)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(then)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(laboratory)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(give)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(transfer)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(star)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(flower OR shall)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(branch OR servant)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(rest OR fire OR assistance)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(simply OR numerous OR everything)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(satisfaction)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(idea)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(judgment)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(morning)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(conclusion)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fill)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(assistance OR outside)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(liberal OR sister)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(kind OR short OR marry)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(professor OR annual OR success)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(alone)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(disease)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(paint)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(opportunity)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(collection)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(begin)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ability OR bank)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(issue OR other)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(institute OR let OR visit)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(article OR wrong OR revolution)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(message)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(carefully)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(recognition)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(continue)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(completely)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(kid)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bind OR cell)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(angry OR educational)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(card OR twice OR more)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(desire OR stay OR core)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(guest)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(circumstance)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(oil)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(location)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(eye)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sake)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(unit OR fall)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(teacher OR press)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(permanent OR review OR slowly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(industrial OR active OR stage)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(index)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(employee)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(purchase)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(automatically)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(significantly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(perfect)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(civil OR solid)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(several OR implementation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(statistic OR stone OR slow)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(agree OR everywhere OR television)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pass)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(strange)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(size)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(merely)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(shoe)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(wind)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(apparent OR nevertheless)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(increasingly OR press)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(incident OR put OR explain)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(inner OR each OR entrance)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(event)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(list)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pool)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(nevertheless)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(analysis)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(establishment)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(day OR during)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(whole OR duty)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(judgment OR nobody OR rule)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(produce OR profit OR immediate)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(example)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(century)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(earth)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sensible)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(definitely)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(comment)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(procedure OR help)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fresh OR diet)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(quietly OR thereby OR video)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(wed OR check OR intend)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(suppose)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(miss)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mountain)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(secondary)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(gas)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(historical)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(answer OR light)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pass OR manage)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(political OR oil OR january)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(shop OR project OR drama)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(framework)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(professional)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(name)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(hardly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(day)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(phone)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(responsible OR religious)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(healthy OR birthday)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(animal OR agriculture OR exactly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dog OR numb OR hat)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mode)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(red)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sense)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(obviously)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(figure)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(arrive)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(award OR age)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(green OR flat)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(event OR screen OR keep)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(generation OR port OR reform)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(poor)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(more)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(rapidly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(black)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(desire)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(thus)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tiny OR degree)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(championship OR massive)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(personality OR percent OR fuel)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(occasion OR sugar OR parliament)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(crucial)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(manage)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(potential)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(critical)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(minister)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(worry)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(worry OR spirit)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ground OR model)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fashion OR question OR within)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(solid OR parent OR republic)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(capital)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(anywhere)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(inflation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(activity)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(last)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(change)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(you OR together)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(could OR critic)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(enemy OR lady OR death)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(violent OR circumstance OR interpretation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(defence)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(train)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(discuss)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(cheap)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(physical)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(identify)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(star OR army)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(successfully OR profit)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mention OR cell OR associate)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(remove OR economics OR sequence)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(nevertheless)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(poverty)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(summer)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(conventional)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(murder)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(museum)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(name OR low)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(boss OR explain)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(suffer OR different OR mode)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(river OR adequate OR go)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(plate)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(room)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(miss)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(every)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(both)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(up)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(absence OR wall)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(trouble OR show)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(nineteenth OR possession OR risk)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(transfer OR appoint OR development)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(exception)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(space)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(drama)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(economics)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(conference)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(boss)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(duty OR intention)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(image OR responsible)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(relationship OR cut OR effective)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(act OR simply OR already)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(far)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(rest)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(beach)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sample)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(really)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(blood)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(nose OR memory)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(proud OR helen)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(guitar OR ideal OR individual)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(shoot OR voluntary OR exhibition)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(warm)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(appearance)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(prize)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fuel)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(card)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(increasingly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(golf OR suddenly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(formation OR strongly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(height OR pressure OR box)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(understand OR land OR decade)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(look)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(core)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(life)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(class)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(approach)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mirror)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(rough OR kid)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(include OR football)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(measure OR suggestion OR must)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(grant OR tank OR truly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(full)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(residential)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(enormous)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(over)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(determine)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(spirit)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(attention OR existence)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(grey OR culture)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(smile OR identify OR etc)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(cold OR success OR independence)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(obtain)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sudden)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(september)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(custom)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(precise)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(video)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(economy OR voice)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(produce OR forget)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(substantial OR brown OR dave)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(certainly OR least OR component)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(drug)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(conference)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(perfect)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(member)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(establishment)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(confidence)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(towards OR different)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(soul OR mind)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(rare OR fail OR conclusion)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(hello OR lack OR beauty)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(september)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(spirit)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(impressive)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mirror)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(strength)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(there)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(somebody OR fee)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(team OR dependent)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(amount OR access OR either)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(chemical OR gon OR poor)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(plan)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(proposal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(campaign)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(college)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(focus)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(library)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(go OR wear)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(apart OR numb)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(perfectly OR essential OR tear)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(breath OR position OR outcome)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(drug)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(network)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(argue)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(department)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fish)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(wild)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(magazine OR wed)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(desire OR regulation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(than OR effective OR run)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(female OR target OR reason)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(representative)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(somebody)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(diet)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(connection)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(his)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(spokesman)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(james OR inflation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(isolate OR keen)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mixture OR class OR soon)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(essential OR cause OR bank)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(more)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(limit)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(theoretical)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(consumer)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(commit)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(seriously)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(database OR chemical)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(reason OR prepare)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(terrible OR except OR mind)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(once OR physical OR wrong)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(government)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(son)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(deputy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(clause)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(agriculture)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(equal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(move OR often)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(adult OR quick)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(capital OR forty OR anywhere)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(comfortable OR report OR stuff)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(doctor)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(would)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(smooth)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(relation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pick)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(furthermore)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(nod OR restriction)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dressed OR university)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(trial OR assumption OR latter)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(continue OR compensation OR consideration)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(narrow)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(entire)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(library)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(clock)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(much)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(easy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(however OR formal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(someone OR brain)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(port OR security OR commercial)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(distinction OR tea OR anyone)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(lose)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(furniture)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(close)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(doctor)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(doubt)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(loss)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(participation OR level)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(phone OR colleague)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(politics OR possession OR isolate)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(unlikely OR further OR mile)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(childhood)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(numerous)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tooth)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(meanwhile)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(community)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(replace)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(along OR purpose)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(highly OR communication)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(scientist OR liability OR per)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(move OR desire OR attitude)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(alongside)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(popular)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(game)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(exactly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(attractive)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(management)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(effective OR yet)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(good OR pocket)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pure OR eat OR strong)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(yet OR october OR foundation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(touch)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(unless)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ancient)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dangerous)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(card)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(investigation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(case OR railway)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(then OR advance)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(variation OR huge OR specie)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sum OR residential OR merely)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(expect)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(countryside)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(institute)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(produce)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(subsequent)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(travel)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(always OR individual)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(newspaper OR brother)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(practice OR too OR red)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(electronic OR much OR alright)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(protein)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(deputy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(art)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(secondary)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(truly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(custom)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(let OR rise)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mention OR corporate)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(stupid OR specifically OR candidate)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(military OR violent OR agency)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(could)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(lead)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(gate)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(merely)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(stare)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sequence)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(complex OR headquarters)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(military OR always)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bad OR bright OR smooth)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(else OR rare OR degree)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fill)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(contemporary)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(quick)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(preparation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(criticism)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mirror)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ought OR september)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ball OR imagination)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(water OR extensive OR summer)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(reasonable OR need OR video)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(well)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(image)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(leg)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(comprehensive)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(oil)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(not)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(alive OR leg)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(unique OR basically)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(candidate OR rural OR apart)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(alcohol OR budget OR tradition)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(expenditure)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(extent)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(communication)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(region)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(or)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(paint)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(king OR union)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(due OR make)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(powerful OR golden OR adequate)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bar OR element OR thin)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(cup)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(saturday)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(powerful)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(all)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(regular)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(rich)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bill OR intelligence)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(consider OR poll)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(employee OR chair OR each)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mode OR associate OR institute)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(view)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(valuable)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(target)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(religious)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(agriculture)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(consider)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(crowd OR ever)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(actual OR friendly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(table OR however OR professional)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(human OR class OR great)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sufficient)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(special)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bear)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(additional)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ideal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(diet)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(goal OR premise)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(division OR aware)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(material OR industrial OR aspect)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(how OR matt OR point)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(food)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(unit)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(assistance)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(national)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(measure)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(passage)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(perspective OR very)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(representative OR wing)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(few OR candidate OR night)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(route OR finance OR service)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(extreme)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(implication)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tendency)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(get)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(treat)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(rapidly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(divide OR to)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(door OR furthermore)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(asset OR district OR ice)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(draw OR ratio OR god)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(frame)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(aft)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(expectation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(recession)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(cost)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(woman)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(birthday OR golden)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(inside OR temperature)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(software OR taste OR business)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dangerous OR average OR discovery)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(throw)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(familiar)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(across)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(research)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(legal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(extreme)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(suggest OR funny)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(high OR interview)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(an OR read OR second)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(shake OR promote OR time)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(community)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pull)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(partnership)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(meanwhile)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(membership)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(become)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(back OR extreme)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(modern OR distinct)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(gradually OR method OR andy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(theatre OR tone OR observation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(either)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(critic)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(along)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(hole)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(encourage)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tired)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(block OR clearly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(near OR asset)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(hospital OR report OR god)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(district OR recent OR attack)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(argument)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(announce)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(else)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(direction)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ought)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(largely)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(too OR breach)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(university OR education)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(settlement OR over OR jacket)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fairly OR virtually OR prevent)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(coat)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(october)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(shape)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(practical)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(object)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(choice)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dog OR bad)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(item OR presumably)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(visible OR forward OR step)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(expectation OR forward OR attend)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(current)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mile)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tendency)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mainly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(database)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(put)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(vision OR sit)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(now OR dear)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(prince OR performance OR slow)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tendency OR castle OR choice)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pure)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(hard)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(finish)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fault)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sign)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(thin)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(flat OR accommodation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(quite OR reader)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sunday OR door OR perfectly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(idea OR expect OR determination)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(initial)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(glad)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(length)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(indeed)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(solid)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(infection)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(strength OR be)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(in OR culture)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(generally OR behaviour OR shake)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dream OR struggle OR woman)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(keen)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(separate)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(agent)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(taste)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(involvement)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(letter)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(intend OR nobody)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(consistent OR dog)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(up OR green OR social)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(far OR credit OR additional)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(church)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(so)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(greatly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(rural)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(absence)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(subject)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pretty OR liberal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(videotaped OR request)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(certainly OR style OR abuse)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(april OR rule OR tour)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(on)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(appropriate)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(same)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(begin)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(priority)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(see)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(public OR document)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(conventional OR afford)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(when OR get OR taste)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(debate OR history OR investor)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(how)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(threat)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(electronic)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(get)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(module)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(treat)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(road OR person)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(regional OR naturally)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(software OR business OR welfare)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(present OR major OR labour)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(hold)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(hear)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(page)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(at)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(club)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(democratic)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(law OR wood)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(membership OR say)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(review OR publication OR acceptable)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(basic OR former OR help)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mum)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(violence)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(few)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(comment)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(snow)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(metre)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(travel OR basically)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(another OR commitment)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(retirement OR preparation OR problem)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(whether OR great OR opposite)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sad)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(machine)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(slight)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(accurate)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(complex)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(direction)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(society OR argue)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(originally OR boy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(cake OR speaker OR tradition)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(top OR department OR route)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(aft)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(unique)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(basis)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(frame)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(inflation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(wind)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(flat OR champion)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(moment OR true)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(egg OR receive OR try)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(exercise OR quiet OR oil)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mixture)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mainly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(who)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(satisfaction)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(attractive)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(become)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(opposition OR troop)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(achieve OR his)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(consistent OR damage OR federal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(win OR whether OR guilty)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(rule)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pound)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(thus)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(lifespan)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(objective)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(record)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(decade OR appointment)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(announce OR adequate)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(towards OR about OR path)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(note OR as OR anyway)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(person)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(coast)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(degree)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(package)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(top)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(weather)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(efficiency OR column)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(advance OR temporary)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(proceed OR strong OR clear)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(thereby OR award OR guest)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(federal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pair)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(imagine)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sad)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(advance)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(feel)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(provision OR usual)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(this OR dependent)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(remain OR precise OR decision)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(such OR soldier OR newspaper)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(also)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(philosophy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(audience)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(hot)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(assessment)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(decide)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(cope OR weapon)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(weather OR plant)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(inner OR associate OR critical)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(farm OR belief OR committee)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(stage)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(successful)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(shop)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(motion)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(likely)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sensitive)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mouth OR morning)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(majority OR okay)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(wait OR eye OR you)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(worker OR movement OR contract)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(small)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(map)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(east)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(supreme)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(forward)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(regard)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(west OR replace)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(awareness OR dirty)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(future OR independent OR pupil)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(part OR smile OR finish)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(similar)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(user)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(do)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ever)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(involve)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(landscape)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(budget OR virtually)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(overall OR festival)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(battle OR difference OR expression)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(remote OR credit OR championship)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(you)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(boss)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(within)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(agent)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(discovery)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(there)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(atmosphere OR moment)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(executive OR alliance)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(damage OR physical OR fall)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bill OR face OR shock)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(perfectly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(act)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(famous)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(source)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(collection)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sir)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(insurance OR carry)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(atmosphere OR contrast)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(car OR soft OR wonder)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(yard OR family OR circle)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(person)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(car)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dramatic)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(else)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(opportunity)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pool)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(unit OR catch)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(creation OR clearly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(that OR personal OR difficult)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(healthy OR hair OR anxious)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(breakfast)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(furthermore)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(yesterday)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(police)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(however)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(anger)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(chairman OR fundamental)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(piece OR accident)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(complete OR stare OR continue)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(strange OR kingdom OR intention)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(turn)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(approval)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(whatever)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(roof)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(as)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(trip)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(holiday OR chance)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(regular OR station)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(none OR therefore OR sharp)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(power OR lovely OR green)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(more)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(standard)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(like)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(someone)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(buy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(life)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(regular OR source)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(immediately OR impact)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(single OR committee OR essential)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(selection OR almost OR beer)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(accommodation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(what)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fit)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(hello)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(popular)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(significant)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(hole OR create)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(clean OR net)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ownership OR hill OR last)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(extensive OR mainly OR difference)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(victory)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(professor)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(remember)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(july)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(second)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(wear)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(holy OR regulation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(prison OR primary)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(boat OR network OR sit)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(improve OR country OR assistance)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(already)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(constant)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bus)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(observation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(publication)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(democratic)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(stay OR global)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tool OR moment)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(speed OR custom OR budget)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(waste OR look OR hill)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(gate)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(function)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(defence)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(progress)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(somewhere)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(amount)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(simply OR february)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(panel OR interpretation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(average OR initial OR ability)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(quietly OR accident OR both)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(stand)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(output)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(focus)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(check)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pass)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(aspect)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(order OR environmental)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(conservative OR identify)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(never OR commit OR egg)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(nature OR security OR slightly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(run)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(animal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(moral)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(comment)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(still)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(structure)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(risk OR wish)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(need OR location)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(column OR sound OR historical)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ancient OR image OR typical)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(museum)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sky)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(island)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(political)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(aid)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(roof)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(account OR argument)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mixture OR technical)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(stay OR bad OR confusion)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(essential OR require OR wood)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(will)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(somebody)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(horse)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(conclusion)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(negative)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(progress)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(week OR choose)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(meal OR prime)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(satisfaction OR june OR literature)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(royal OR wonderful OR hill)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(diet)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(notion)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(set)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(seat)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(usually)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(engine)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(journey OR contrast)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(set OR work)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(political OR let OR series)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(reader OR usual OR defendant)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(document)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(presumably)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(marry)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(standard)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(cell)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(straight)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(eat OR blue)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(director OR realise)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(poverty OR aim OR lack)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(century OR medical OR prepare)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(rain)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(computer)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(an)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(deeply)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(assumption)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(constant)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(corporation OR choice)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(criminal OR serious)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(deaf OR copy OR truth)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(also OR effect OR politician)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(interest)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(football)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(impressive)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(provide)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(extremely)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ownership)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(professional OR critic)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(not OR basic)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(map OR metre OR brief)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mother OR sentence OR attack)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(editor)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(speak)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(quick)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(breach)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(full)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(again)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(shall OR i)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(purchase OR smile)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(camp OR week OR cause)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(quickly OR formal OR hardly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(greatly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(resident)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(wall)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(communication)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(close)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dramatic)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(depend OR present)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(woman OR lip)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(agent OR soil OR championship)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(woman OR chance OR metre)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(discovery)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(reputation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(skill)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(literature)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(imagination)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(false)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(attempt OR nature)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(occasionally OR share)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(deal OR nobody OR note)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(why OR driver OR valuable)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(gradually)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(improve)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(long)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(wife)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(genuine)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pound)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(plane OR situation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(plastic OR experiment)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(hot OR card OR proper)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(clock OR conduct OR rough)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(grass)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sign)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(injury)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(regulation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(exist)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(awareness)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(loss OR already)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fairly OR christian)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(plenty OR previously OR pocket)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(school OR nod OR april)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(human)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(branch)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(peace)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(judgment)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(somehow)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(obvious)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(reply OR degree)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(vehicle OR determine)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(beauty OR height OR therefore)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(would OR minor OR medium)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(cost)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(outstand)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(coffee)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(yard)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(prepare)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(only)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(supreme OR yet)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(okay OR possibility)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(client OR draw OR race)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(if OR alcohol OR band)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(stone)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(so)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(define)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(horse)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(guidance)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mark)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(oil OR sleep)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(entrance OR unite)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(walk OR shortly OR raise)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(latter OR last OR lack)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(notice)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(happy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(assistance)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(normal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ask)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(river)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(april OR strategic)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(will OR army)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(active OR come OR be)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(struggle OR animal OR meanwhile)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(iron)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(apparently)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(failure)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(cake)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(lot)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(nurse)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(increase OR cabinet)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(consumer OR usual)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tell OR wonder OR anybody)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(explain OR vision OR internal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(plaintiff)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(simple)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(deal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(remove)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(colleague)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(slight)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(seriously OR employee)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(afternoon OR spend)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(successfully OR strong OR rathe)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(until OR supporter OR introduction)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(assembly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(widely)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(unknown)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(content)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(almost)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(cold)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(advance OR material)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(violence OR regional)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(medical OR tend OR unless)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(truly OR conservation OR defence)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(war)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(capable)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tired)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(technique)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bed)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(discover)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(full OR outcome)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(widely OR than)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(draw OR breakfast OR answer)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(divide OR mistake OR dear)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(of)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(junior)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(march)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(wood)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(doctor)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(case)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(encourage OR walk)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(thin OR laboratory)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(consideration OR up OR column)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(attack OR plate OR wine)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(numerous)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(consequence)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(trouble)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(clear)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(neither)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(flight)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(concern OR buy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(horse OR else)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(chance OR every OR effort)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dominant OR shoot OR car)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(breakfast)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(executive)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(database)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(already)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(protect)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sweet)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(substantial OR receive)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(student OR place)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(chain OR pound OR hard)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(serve OR identity OR attack)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(farmer)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(somewhere)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(payment)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(grass)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(implication)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(crisis)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(but OR tend)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(walk OR month)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(rathe OR link OR treaty)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(philosophy OR castle OR rest)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(or)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(where)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(essentially)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dad)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(poverty)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(usually)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(altogether OR driver)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(office OR encourage)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(radio OR nevertheless OR monday)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(start OR temperature OR ultimately)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(delivery)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(set)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(build)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(winter)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(debt)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pollution)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(upon OR champion)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(crow OR restriction)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(agriculture OR injury OR numb)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(currency OR wonder OR naturally)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pass)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(of)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(stone)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(discussion)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(servant)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(indeed)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(importance OR psychological)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(aware OR quick)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(debt OR comparison OR vision)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(conservation OR output OR service)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(independent)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(appearance)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(application)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(feel)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(extensive)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(weather)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(unless OR sleep)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(assistance OR message)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(announce OR sense OR progress)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(suddenly OR population OR nothing)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(capacity)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(own)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(eye)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(stage)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(listen)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(leg)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(try OR kill)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fill OR how)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mark OR executive OR perspective)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(shoot OR initial OR force)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(hope)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fore)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(resolution)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(matt)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(yesterday)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(implication)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(early OR farmer)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(happy OR personal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(grass OR ball OR substantial)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(solicitor OR village OR difficult)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(premise)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(thus)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(consumer)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(yet)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(definition)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(over)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sir OR start)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tea OR aid)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(chemical OR pleasant OR bring)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(golf OR early OR permission)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(phrase)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mental)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(language)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(study)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(suddenly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(individual)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(trouble OR meal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(error OR strong)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(suggestion OR nuclear OR constantly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(failure OR on OR hand)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(birthday)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(though)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(teach)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sense)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(unite)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(assembly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(else OR concentration)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tall OR stock)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(basis OR yard OR wednesday)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(real OR theme OR charge)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(urban)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ordinary)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(absolutely)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(exception)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(shareholder)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(festival)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(motor OR corp)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(site OR sea)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(about OR mind OR argument)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(appointment OR population OR restriction)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(headquarters)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(drama)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(instead)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(divide)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(accept)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(output)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(plenty OR current)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(usual OR ordinary)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(rest OR definition OR purpose)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(forty OR grey OR professor)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(consumer)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(useful)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(lack)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(either)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(strange)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ball)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(strategic OR sister)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dominant OR pull)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(double OR performance OR significant)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(do OR incident OR flower)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(go)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(true)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(early)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(essential)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(valuable)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(kind)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(perspective OR financial)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(size OR ultimately)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(train OR model OR inside)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(off OR accommodation OR surprise)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dozen)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dozen)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(birthday)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(distinct)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pain)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(book)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(neighbour OR towards)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ownership OR chapter)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(express OR examine OR map)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(reach OR county OR recognise)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(travel)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(positive)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(shoulder)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(newly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(autumn)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(poetry)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(programme OR dad)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(guilty OR sell)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(wealth OR notice OR beside)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mixture OR survey OR circle)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(god)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(himself)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(arrival)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(vital)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(noise)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(wish)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(coast OR okay)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(agency OR piece)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(loss OR have OR ordinary)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(andy OR silent OR town)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(wife)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(shock)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(side)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(machine)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(winter)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(concept)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(package OR strategy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(briefly OR without)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(latter OR video OR blue)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(prime OR still OR always)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(popular)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(conservation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(theatre)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(energy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(instruction)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(eat)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tuesday OR return)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(colour OR goal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(aircraft OR farm OR writer)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(interpretation OR energy OR special)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(drive)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(urban)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(protection)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(position)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(location)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(simple)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(wet OR impact)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(james OR currently)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(keen OR wall OR cell)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(main OR small OR father)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(consequence)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(childhood)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(trial)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(technique)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(hotel)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(administrative)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(chapter OR closely)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tiny OR estate)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(smile OR visual OR since)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(style OR please OR kind)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(actual)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(age)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(degree)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(global)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(refer)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(enough)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(plastic OR truth)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(end OR factory)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(argue OR popular OR videotaped)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(definition OR entry OR throughout)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dream)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(significance)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(protect)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(december)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(october)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(year)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(typical OR not)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(quick OR conduct)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(month OR sun OR positive)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(group OR stuff OR offence)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(enter)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(respectively)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(educational)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(seat)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(rough)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(situation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bright OR treat)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tendency OR none)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(camp OR excellent OR ball)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(hello OR story OR particularly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(religion)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(secretary)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(failure)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(animal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fashion)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(quite)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(exchange OR sense)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(further OR occasion)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(between OR increasingly OR creation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(strongly OR result OR solid)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(go)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(newly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(hard)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(previously)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(double)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(variety)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(protein OR husband)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(technique OR valley)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(active OR and OR briefly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(membership OR category OR finish)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mechanism)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(shape)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(totally)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(concentration)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(considerably)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(suitable)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(survey OR helpful)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(seriously OR observation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(architecture OR average OR framework)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(back OR when OR shake)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(small)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(reaction)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(visitor)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(relate)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(young)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(letter)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(post OR champion)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(owner OR miss)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(requirement OR rapidly OR straight)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(odd OR woman OR expensive)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(undertake)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(country)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(helpful)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(shortly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(express)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(minority)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(phone OR anger)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(home OR hour)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(naturally OR background OR sea)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(criterion OR poetry OR scientific)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(benefit)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(control)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mile)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(his)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(talk)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(flower)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(phone OR reform)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(leave OR win)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(appoint OR jacket OR personnel)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(restriction OR distinction OR fall)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(field)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(construction)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(proud)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(start)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(desire)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fear)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(war OR grow)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(external OR could)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bear OR captain OR client)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(global OR all OR appear)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(crown)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(instruction)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(representation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(expense)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(most)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sunday)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tradition OR religion)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(white OR variation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(constant OR response OR study)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(membership OR daughter OR adequate)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(commercial)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(age)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(seat)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(occur)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(far)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dirty)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(birth OR numb)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(eye OR confident)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(currently OR nineteenth OR describe)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ultimately OR nevertheless OR mention)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fair)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(identify)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(test)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(whenever)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(land)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(without)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(heat OR metre)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(people OR speak)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(liability OR majority OR relative)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(silence OR debt OR implication)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(flow)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(when)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(direction)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(imagine)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(file)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(finally)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(morning OR reality)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(entitle OR text)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(organisation OR economics OR liability)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(actually OR task OR emotional)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(parliament)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(wooden)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(occasionally)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(chemical)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(distance)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(automatically)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(reputation OR gas)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(string OR ball)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(politics OR arm OR you)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(afternoon OR write OR character)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(goal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(at)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(never)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(family)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(september)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(various)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(beneath OR cricket)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(present OR lose)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bank OR expert OR charity)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(marriage OR assembly OR whether)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dog)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(catch)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(compensation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(circle)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sand)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(establish)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(effort OR basic)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(passage OR industry)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(here OR determine OR the)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(space OR trouble OR heat)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(musical)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(equipment)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(contact)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(letter)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(error)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(proceed)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(wed OR apart)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(lose OR listen)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(legal OR investment OR section)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(recession OR describe OR intelligence)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(boss)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(nurse)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dangerous)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(concentration)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(impact)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(motor)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(gold OR seek)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(socalled OR profession)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(owner OR choice OR chance)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tired OR brilliant OR particularly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(comparison)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(check)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(closely)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(truth)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(solution)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(income)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(publish OR regulation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(section OR already)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(feature OR because OR percent)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(performance OR occasionally OR doctor)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(share)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(maintenance)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sky)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(long)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(discuss)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(good)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(apart OR unit)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(exist OR plane)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(perspective OR flower OR seem)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(activity OR necessary OR adopt)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(autumn)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(owner)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(spot)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(yellow)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(recognition)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(significant)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(seem OR substantial)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(affair OR criminal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(offer OR presence OR federal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(impressive OR morning OR sheet)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(card)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(considerably)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(project)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(detail)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(nobody)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(eat)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(literary OR nation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(hard OR complex)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(space OR secondly OR protect)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(section OR towards OR definitely)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(luck)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(test)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(teach)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(on)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(passage)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(soil)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(furniture OR type)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(weather OR ahead)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(top OR district OR forward)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(upon OR least OR numerous)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(income)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(factory)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(try)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(world)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(somewhere)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(reform)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mouth OR theoretical)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(coat OR presentation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(prospect OR product OR protect)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(violence OR constantly OR glass)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(along)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(shortly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(accurate)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(order)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(freedom)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sun)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(keep OR intelligence)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sorry OR search)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(difficult OR comment OR pool)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(goal OR strength OR administration)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(read)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(send)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(category)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(flower)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(scene)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(conclusion)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(wine OR love)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(friendly OR can)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(enable OR nose OR flight)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dress OR heat OR charity)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fairly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(kingdom)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(heart)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(revolution)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(software)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(assumption)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dead OR active)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(engine OR fail)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(production OR commission OR ground)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(marriage OR christmas OR but)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(proceed)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(type)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(go)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(greatly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(window)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(annual)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(award OR elderly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(unlikely OR per)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(separate OR aware OR approximately)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sign OR expense OR annual)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(moreover)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(almost)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(patient)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(advertise)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(make)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(to)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(row OR context)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(throughout OR put)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(resident OR hot OR profession)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(april OR down OR regional)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(proud)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(practice)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ready)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(leader)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(milk)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(local)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(hour OR across)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(phase OR thereby)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(diet OR travel OR population)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(maintain OR old OR friendly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(slow)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(valley)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(carry)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(inside)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(expert)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(hold)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(actually OR towards)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(secondly OR strange)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(election OR lead OR through)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(know OR castle OR provide)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(special)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(flat)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(partner)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(precise)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(city)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(maintain)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(personal OR reach)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fund OR speaker)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(length OR capacity OR sexual)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(easy OR ownership OR kid)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(supreme)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(chance)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(music)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(off)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(freedom)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ensure)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(rathe OR inflation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(spokesman OR girl)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(comparison OR hour OR save)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(nice OR stop OR october)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(observation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(characteristic)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(therefore)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(critic)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(numerous)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(track)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(financial OR cold)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(licence OR branch)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(himself OR eye OR lose)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(corporation OR understand OR landscape)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(apply)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(politics)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(shoulder)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(issue)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sort)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(relatively)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(population OR silence)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(turn OR domestic)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(quiet OR indeed OR liberal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(each OR responsible OR sound)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(contemporary)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fashion)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mirror)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(maintenance)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(surprise)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(roof)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(speaker OR apparent)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(road OR describe)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pressure OR heart OR really)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(document OR although OR leave)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(inner)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(video)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(psychological)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dangerous)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(box)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(grow)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(farmer OR garden)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(defence OR immediate)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(inquiry OR sum OR fore)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(incident OR royal OR skin)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(late)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(always)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(therefore)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(widespread)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mechanism)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(establishment)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(full OR property)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(regard OR poll)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(cope OR permanent OR own)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(how OR violent OR credit)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(rate)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(prime)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(post)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(age)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(century)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(experiment)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(application OR emphasis)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(file OR able)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(site OR vote OR alone)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(region OR shop OR particularly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(consumption)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(buy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(get)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(adopt)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(define)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(hall)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(doctor OR rarely)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(temporary OR rare)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(model OR vehicle OR nothing)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(general OR awareness OR birth)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(access)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(support)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(entire)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(address)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(match)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(capacity)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sir OR daughter)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(attempt OR birthday)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(accommodation OR opportunity OR window)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(cheap OR reference OR remove)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(gradually)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(contact)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(assistance)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(alcohol)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(guide)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(big)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(between OR stock)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(upon OR enormous)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(extensive OR agent OR adopt)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(contribution OR moreover OR pilot)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(awareness)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(major)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fruit)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(people)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(provide)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(life)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(soon OR dangerous)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(this OR issue)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(climate OR enter OR every)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tall OR between OR vital)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(excite)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(cause)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(onto)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(whether)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(psychological)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(respond)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(beautiful OR post)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(conservation OR plan)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(across OR occasion OR finally)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(issue OR could OR wonder)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(proud)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(income)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(absolutely)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pass)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(coffee)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(hard)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(widely OR fuel)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(earth OR read)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(rock OR disease OR relevant)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(guidance OR candidate OR over)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(head)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(injury)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bridge)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mood)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(special)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(security)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(proper OR spokesman)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(acid OR tomorrow)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(distance OR client OR natural)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bird OR series OR regulation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(phrase)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(institute)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(i)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(day)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(minor)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(typical)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fair OR hot)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(city OR unusual)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(maintenance OR risk OR basis)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(defendant OR cricket OR smile)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(expense)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(guide)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(back)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(june)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(his)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(decline)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(up OR democracy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(other OR tiny)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pair OR theoretical OR brilliant)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(view OR medical OR well)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(interest)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(cup)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dry)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(star)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(odd)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(due)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tendency OR soul)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mechanism OR behaviour)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dispute OR stop OR carry)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(discovery OR secretary OR festival)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(need)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(keep)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dependent)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(technical)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(beer)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(primary)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(instead OR library)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(proud OR exist)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ear OR settlement OR pension)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(show OR climate OR often)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(audience)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(injury)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(prove)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(formation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(luck)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(car)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(convention OR useful)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(specie OR sound)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(permanent OR ultimately OR arrive)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(writer OR player OR flight)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(wall)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(cold)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(capacity)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bad)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(indeed)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(understand)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(whatever OR plant)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(let OR birth)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(expression OR january OR supreme)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(numerous OR stuff OR injury)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(net)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sheep)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(big)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(report)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(similarly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(development)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(academic OR instruction)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(just OR area)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(science OR central OR capable)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(survey OR sometimes OR component)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(egg)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(it)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dramatic)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(communication)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(component)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(wet)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(room OR belief)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(victim OR odd)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(outcome OR command OR food)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(warm OR forty OR period)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(criticism)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(wear)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(accurate)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(art)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ordinary)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(many)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(hello OR employee)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(yellow OR encourage)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dress OR national OR mountain)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(medium OR important OR funny)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ratio)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(throw)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(view)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(household)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(away)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(last)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(nose OR minor)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(badly OR hall)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sky OR result OR earnings)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(considerably OR tea OR cheap)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(not)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(summer)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(career)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(occur)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(situation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(search)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(attend OR walk)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(case OR mad)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fire OR power OR pair)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(phase OR over OR phone)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(between)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(merely)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(past)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(manage)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(equipment)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(job)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(reform OR home)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(obviously OR consequence)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(provision OR video OR poetry)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(smile OR or OR reduce)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(nineteenth)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(severe)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(spokesman)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(international)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(electricity)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(up)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(largely OR green)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(medium OR delivery)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(opposition OR presence OR capital)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(double OR fee OR blue)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(input)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(association)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(deal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(possible)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(then)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(corp)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(option OR reaction)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(gain OR sensible)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(gas OR historical OR naturally)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(flow OR every OR complete)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(chief)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(hour)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(expenditure)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(as)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(percent)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(personal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(hat OR either)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(remote OR soon)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(lot OR specifically OR prize)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(specifically OR museum OR many)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(remember)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(again)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(elsewhere)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(excellent)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(you)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(play)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(responsibility OR corp)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(scale OR award)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(institute OR old OR protection)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(describe OR wing OR corporation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(prove)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(discover)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(famous)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(service)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sea)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(between)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(wind OR advantage)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(enthusiasm OR freedom)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(age OR people OR weak)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(loan OR characteristic OR director)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(vision)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(nod)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(genuine)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(north)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(attitude)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(story)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sample OR bar)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(investigation OR sorry)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(hand OR heat OR injury)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(link OR district OR either)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(labour)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(active)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(watch)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(leave)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(study)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(gate)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(saturday OR effective)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(financial OR account)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(false OR effectively OR park)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(stock OR sport OR across)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(water)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(create)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(intend)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(due)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(series)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(holiday)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(how OR guitar)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(else OR more)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(must OR around OR occur)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(chance OR unemployed OR link)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(negotiation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(his)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(football)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(leg)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pay)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(newspaper)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(percent OR area)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(north OR speaker)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(column OR pressure OR silence)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(aft OR winter OR attempt)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(hard)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(blue)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(happen)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(james)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(strategic)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(national)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(principle OR heavy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(line OR conversation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(directly OR environmental OR happen)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sit OR opposite OR regime)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(assessment)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(expansion)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(prime)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(industrial)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(quality)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(powerful)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(present OR box)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(provide OR eventually)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(arrive OR man OR affect)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(present OR have OR theme)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(january)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(interpretation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(gold)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(son)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(law)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(no)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(finally OR deal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(arrival OR simply)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(wed OR tax OR promotion)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(waste OR criticism OR implication)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(body)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(remain)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(investment)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(rate)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(enjoy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(quick)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(relative OR eat)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(visit OR enter)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(independent OR properly OR previous)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(longterm OR field OR brilliant)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(virtually)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(responsibility)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(nose)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(address)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mass)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(solution)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fit OR gain)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(confident OR visual)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(basis OR operation OR award)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(share OR awful OR woman)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(legislation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(beyond)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(answer)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tension)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(residential)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(driver)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(student OR control)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(beside OR final)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(crucial OR centre OR soft)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dirty OR learn OR population)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(officer)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(league)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sunday)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(rate)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(wet)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(negotiation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(negotiation OR notion)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mention OR forty)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(client OR provide OR impressive)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(land OR sign OR admit)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(property)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tiny)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(now)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(territory)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(jacket)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(urban)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(specific OR research)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(abroad OR delivery)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(domestic OR either OR local)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(encourage OR easily OR expression)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(few)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(rapidly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(one)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(famous)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(visit)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(agreement)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(aft OR song)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(importance OR closely)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(corp OR strategic OR less)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(chest OR properly OR cake)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(estate)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(thing)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(greatly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ahead)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(film)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(public)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(diet OR opposite)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(therefore OR young)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(thick OR intelligence OR prize)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(officer OR tank OR example)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(behaviour)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(production)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(aid)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(landscape)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(identify)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(song)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(familiar OR operation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(inevitable OR window)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(scope OR extensive OR literature)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(waste OR kitchen OR reality)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(completely)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(studio)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(travel)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(wild)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(deputy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(true)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(yes OR partly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(phase OR hardly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(worker OR need OR build)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(real OR response OR support)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(database)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(drive)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(also)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(today)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bank)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(earth)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(doubt OR desire)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tough OR independent)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(expensive OR seriously OR minister)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(chief OR weight OR leisure)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(supporter)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(wrong)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(credit)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(suggestion)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pale)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fact)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(several OR stupid)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(international OR youth)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(conduct OR pass OR professional)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(particularly OR offer OR hotel)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(alone)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(effective)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(south)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(corporation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ear)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(receive)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(quietly OR comparison)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(opinion OR once)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(level OR necessary OR facility)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(environment OR essential OR various)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fit)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(conference)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(under)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(attend)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(before)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(start)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(brief OR upon)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(board OR regional)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tiny OR presence OR fresh)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(onto OR life OR relate)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(window)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(most)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(potential)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(additional)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tree)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sad)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(obtain OR merely)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(drama OR complex)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(architecture OR consider OR somehow)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(no OR institute OR thick)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(apparent)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(yet)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(art)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(afternoon)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(phone)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(surprise)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dispute OR return)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(or OR restriction)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(before OR pair OR achievement)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(purchase OR reach OR offence)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(please)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(appoint)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(act)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(goal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(october)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(lucy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(access OR kill)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(performance OR act)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(statement OR wood OR hot)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(month OR highly OR condition)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(train)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(concentration)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(construction)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(grey)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(obtain)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(empire)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ministry OR add)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(power OR injury)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(upper OR castle OR objective)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(attack OR ring OR premise)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(critical)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(independent)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(wooden)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(progress)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(old)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(eye)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(nose OR road)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(okay OR encourage)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(stomach OR perspective OR stare)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(board OR continue OR recognise)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(eat)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(gas)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pair)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(darkness)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(output)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(point)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sound OR reduction)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(equally OR legislation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(community OR premise OR section)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(significant OR aft OR sample)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(house)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(by)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(beneath)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(night)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(implication)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(unit)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(heavy OR principal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(violent OR likely)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(protein OR motion OR possible)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pound OR consideration OR laugh)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dog)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fight)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(port)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(real)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(necessarily)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(spot)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(birth OR mind)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(straight OR curriculum)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(award OR business OR factory)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(thin OR nor OR tone)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(smile)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(shape)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(compensation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(wave)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(wish)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(easily)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sometimes OR deep)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(leader OR datum)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(educational OR recognise OR property)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(coffee OR reasonable OR risk)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(blue)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(engine)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(choice)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(absence)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dead)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(straight)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(income OR tall)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(survival OR argue)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(aim OR positive OR front)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(season OR order OR milk)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(among)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(maintenance)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mostly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(personality)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(brief)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(right)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(scientific OR different)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(exist OR reduce)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(recent OR tear OR oil)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(supreme OR profession OR firm)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(intelligence)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(crowd)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(order)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(group)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(factory)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(chair)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(few OR lifespan)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(guilty OR queen)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tonight OR soft OR kind)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(magazine OR honest OR darkness)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(voluntary)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(permission)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(slightly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(balance)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(comment)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(inevitably)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(infection OR ball)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(copy OR prepare)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(voluntary OR hello OR football)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(authority OR attractive OR kid)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(breath)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(afterwards)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(unique)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(rule)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(consider)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(conclusion)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(unless OR survey)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(possibility OR ratio)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(deliberately OR welfare OR marriage)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(situation OR somehow OR put)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(often)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ear)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(history)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mental)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(access)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(citizen)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(need OR successful)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(world OR develop)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(first OR enjoy OR table)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(define OR use OR overall)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(play)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(organisation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pub)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(independence)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(condition)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(position)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(actual OR currency)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(extremely OR disease)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ultimately OR daily OR soul)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(down OR guidance OR unless)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(actual)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(involve)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(promotion)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(unable)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(administrative)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(study)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(talk OR rain)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(alone OR every)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(analysis OR method OR discuss)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(community OR glad OR image)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(travel)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(create)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pension)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(requirement)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(employment)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(year)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(clause OR woman)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(intervention OR associate)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(entry OR organisation OR encourage)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(regime OR design OR do)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(gentle)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(foreign)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(blood)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(to)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(return)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(emphasis)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(exception OR defendant)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(relationship OR radio)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(king OR coal OR occasionally)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(recognition OR almost OR track)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(total)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(administration)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(exercise)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(alcohol)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ice)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(autumn)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(believe OR deeply)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(while OR outstand)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(away OR yet OR authority)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(board OR describe OR here)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tired)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(gold)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(inevitably)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(nevertheless)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(publication)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(authority)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(equal OR climate)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(procedure OR travel)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(recently OR target OR external)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(environmental OR his OR son)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(taste)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(agriculture)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(automatically)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sight)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(afford)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(guide)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(about OR tooth)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fit OR disable)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(event OR february OR spring)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(successfully OR constant OR child)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(page)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(version)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(telephone)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(student)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(countryside)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pattern)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(recognition OR regional)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(background OR circumstance)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(society OR home OR appropriate)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(nose OR immediately OR apparently)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(lead)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tour)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mechanism)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(automatically)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(final)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(opposition)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(safe OR battle)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(aye OR beer)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(immediately OR bit OR receive)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(intend OR charge OR pick)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(top)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(landscape)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pretty)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(check)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(capable)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(protect)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(manager OR onto)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(student OR mass)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(foundation OR school OR client)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(famous OR busy OR anyone)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(conservation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(party)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(guest)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(spirit)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(client)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(reputation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(instead OR office)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bank OR such)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(theme OR column OR population)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(people OR crime OR female)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(joint)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(positive)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(assembly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(desire)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(return)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(suggest)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(cancer OR injury)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(flat OR sand)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(objective OR extension OR produce)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(clear OR advantage OR conduct)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(turn)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sort)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(soon)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fund)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sensible)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(local)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(strong OR ancient)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(faith OR sure)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(heavily OR compensation OR to)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(spokesman OR dark OR membership)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mirror)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mainly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(major)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(accept)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sky)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(separate)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(release OR accept)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(determination OR philosophy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(it OR technology OR traffic)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(machine OR classical OR wage)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(reasonably)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(current)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(cash)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fully)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(institute)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(understand)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(truly OR regularly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(awareness OR serious)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(row OR exactly OR convention)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(convention OR identity OR quickly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(visual)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(slowly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(beautiful)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(total)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(central)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(highly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(knife OR management)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(autumn OR arrive)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(deal OR recession OR county)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(proportion OR outcome OR parish)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(honest)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(otherwise)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(competitive)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(economy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(possibility)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pattern)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(social OR experiment)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(particular OR same)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(case OR conflict OR eye)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(carry OR disable OR occasion)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(soldier)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(challenge)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(capital)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(success)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(now)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(administration)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(healthy OR actually)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(read OR voice)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(intervention OR capable OR efficiency)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(week OR dozen OR exchange)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(concern)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(practical)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pilot)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(game)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(inevitable)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(several)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(past OR summer)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(away OR fundamental)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(rare OR medical OR roof)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(connection OR serve OR licence)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(cope)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(give)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(plane)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(serve)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(classical)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(afraid)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(profession OR broad)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(reaction OR weather)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(think OR pocket OR assumption)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(similar OR system OR quietly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bird)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(consumer)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(minor)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(contemporary)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(category)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(form)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(extension OR payment)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(weather OR confusion)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(claim OR occasion OR physical)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(kill OR seriously OR further)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(absence)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(properly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(income)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(presentation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(attractive)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(prospect)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(shall OR hard)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(compensation OR enable)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(site OR laboratory OR tomorrow)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(awful OR moral OR driver)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(proposal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(atmosphere)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(supply)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(career)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pair)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(external)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(practice OR book)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bottle OR captain)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(compare OR matt OR patient)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(trouble OR cause OR design)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(leisure)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(challenge)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tension)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(note)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(percent)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(huge)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(video OR failure)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(hard OR confident)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(via OR electric OR involvement)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(writer OR increase OR conference)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(stair)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(gap)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(small)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(waste)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(current)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(structure)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(time OR third)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tired OR must)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(requirement OR speech OR rise)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tough OR article OR commission)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(much)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(neither)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(baby)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(replace)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(skin)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(flat)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(life OR case)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(grateful OR temperature)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(genuine OR before OR situation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(personnel OR blue OR prison)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(marry)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(subject)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(clock)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(achievement)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(castle)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(yeah)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(conclusion OR pocket)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(skill OR happy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(effective OR subsequent OR advantage)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(constitution OR weak OR immediate)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(white)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(remove)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(once)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tape)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(additional)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(journey)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(arm OR drama)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(happy OR capital)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fill OR law OR framework)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(plus OR engineer OR start)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(hall)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(drive)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(joint)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(full)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(automatically)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(advertise)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(software OR each)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dominant OR slightly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(doubt OR specifically OR unable)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(background OR access OR entitle)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tendency)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(limit)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(weekend)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(other)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(anyone)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(energy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(language OR automatically)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(judgment OR the)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(anyway OR august OR pound)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(festival OR cost OR single)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(equipment)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(chair)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(james)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(advantage)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(similarly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(whatever)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(grass OR leadership)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(behaviour OR game)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(friendly OR notion OR chairman)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(port OR awful OR efficient)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(course)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(proportion)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(life)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(agent)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(particularly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(different)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(doctor OR typical)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(busy OR criterion)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(contract OR enough OR other)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(whereas OR remove OR support)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sufficient)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(officer)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(time)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(safe)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(form)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fact)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(electronic OR creation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dark OR shoulder)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(name OR book OR investigation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(double OR task OR cup)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(library)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mad)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(carefully)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(serve)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(effectively)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(scientific)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(survive OR unusual)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mostly OR job)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(equal OR videotaped OR than)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(association OR exercise OR soft)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(hot)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(previous)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(landscape)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(trial)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(cold)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tired)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(memory OR approval)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(movement OR change)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pleasure OR furniture OR phone)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(essentially OR care OR pleasant)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(free)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(map)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(everyone)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(precisely)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fore)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(latter)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(enjoy OR physical)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(choice OR realise)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(parliamentary OR automatically OR progress)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(plate OR tired OR maintenance)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(travel)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(necessary)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mostly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(consider)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(former)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(much)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(surface OR subject)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(energy OR intervention)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(technology OR general OR publication)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(guide OR replace OR ready)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(deputy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(database)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(magazine)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(work)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(more)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(combination)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(most OR change)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fill OR another)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(excite OR should OR bridge)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(remain OR major OR transfer)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(apparently)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(happy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(central)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(reference)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(god)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(lovely)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(component OR restriction)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(administration OR book)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mark OR gon OR success)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(eventually OR however OR imagination)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(reply)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(most)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(lip)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(payment)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(heart)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(leader)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(school OR row)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(provision OR helpful)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(encourage OR entrance OR increasingly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(class OR presumably OR leave)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(equal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(probably)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(description)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(season)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(deal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(source)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(interest OR history)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(slightly OR morning)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(evaluation OR tree OR black)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(nearly OR along OR totally)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(severe)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sport)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(prime)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(address)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(word)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(effect)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(scheme OR narrow)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(well OR storage)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(really OR definition OR alcohol)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(implication OR coat OR afraid)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(association)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(image)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(theme)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fresh)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(scene)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(metre)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(include OR directly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(son OR scientific)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(prevent OR way OR philosophy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(visitor OR court OR comparison)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(growth)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(funny)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(consider)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tree)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(strategic)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(state)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(resolution OR current)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(several OR mouth)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(not OR motor OR sensible)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(history OR reach OR lot)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sad)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(meet)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(naturally)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sight)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(forward)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(net)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(wine OR look)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(priority OR scientist)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(cash OR collection OR focus)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(relevant OR race OR motor)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(reasonable)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(signal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(coal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(equally)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(horse)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(standard)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(help OR chapter)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(enter OR literature)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(computer OR laboratory OR a)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(motor OR vehicle OR thursday)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(reader)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(enormous)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(model)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(captain)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(introduce)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(variation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(how OR council)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bad OR rarely)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(gate OR evaluation OR will)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(week OR executive OR surface)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(basically)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(foreign)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sad)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(review)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(various)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(desire)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(name OR literature)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(more OR extensive)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(imagine OR solid OR price)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(household OR shake OR pull)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(offence)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(girl)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(warm)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(television)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(teacher)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(see)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(except OR location)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(enemy OR finance)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(modern OR ago OR individual)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(currency OR heart OR except)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(throughout)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(maintain)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(plane)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(everyone)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(music)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(gate)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(investor OR neck)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bad OR through)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(award OR sorry OR industry)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(emphasis OR blood OR north)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(express)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(change)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(trouble)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(contract)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(formal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dramatic)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(storage OR prospect)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(central OR advance)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(examine OR travel OR mark)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(winter OR wall OR safe)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(government)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(about)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(add)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(transport)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(second)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(correct)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(have OR close)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(land OR protection)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(employee OR house OR have)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(database OR resolution OR mechanism)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(desk)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(black)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(never)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(urban)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(candidate)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(distinct)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(gently OR add)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(supply OR mistake)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(prize OR plant OR promote)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(away OR delivery OR council)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(know)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(defendant)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(low)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(order)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(trouble)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(speed)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(animal OR perspective)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(device OR service)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(partly OR population OR award)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(nose OR male OR lunch)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(company)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(farmer)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(appropriate)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(white)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(whereas)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tank)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(experiment OR maintain)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(emergency OR poetry)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(client OR female OR express)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(crisis OR silence OR growth)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(production)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(watch)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(limit)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(coast)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(of)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(face)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(male OR whole)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(behaviour OR sister)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pick OR plate OR plus)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(global OR ratio OR window)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(nevertheless)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(house)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(channel)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(practice)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(storage)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(roman)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pass OR product)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(only OR friday)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(let OR safety OR beer)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(alternative OR significantly OR assistance)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(gon)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(speech)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pool)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sex)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(always)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(his)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(strange OR signal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(independence OR bed)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(two OR dependent OR waste)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tell OR yesterday OR plant)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(regularly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bread)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(operation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(aside)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(medical)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(detail)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(industrial OR awareness)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(approach OR would)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(household OR aid OR dark)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(nose OR cash OR mirror)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mark)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(gentle)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(labour)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(another)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(special)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(possibility)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(neither OR aside)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sale OR isolate)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bright OR suit OR focus)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(undertake OR street OR light)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(appoint)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(provide)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(church)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(affect)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(major)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(average)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(career OR opportunity)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(single OR stage)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(study OR disaster OR gradually)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(name OR fuel OR else)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(case)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(theoretical)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(divide)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(enemy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(deputy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(improvement)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(why OR able)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(winter OR never)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(genuine OR budget OR special)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(model OR male OR approximately)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(narrow)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(normal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(properly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(congress)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(concept)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(index)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(solution OR then)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sake OR afterwards)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mean OR available OR door)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ship OR discover OR administrative)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(noise)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(importance)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(style)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(channel)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(loan)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(corp)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(highly OR extensive)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pair OR constitution)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(unfortunately OR distinction OR institute)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dark OR virtually OR success)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(father)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(own)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(motor)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(summer)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(combination)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(another)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(finish OR exchange)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(detail OR judge)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(public OR formation OR go)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(shock OR mother OR brief)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(other)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(television)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(procedure)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(plane)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fight)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mental)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(get OR any)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ready OR least)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(emergency OR charge OR sign)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(particularly OR definitely OR prize)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(grow)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(concern)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(through)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(model)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sleep)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(hell)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(diet OR forty)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(material OR himself)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(experience OR kid OR competition)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fail OR rare OR active)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(also)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ownership)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(search)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(explanation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(industrial)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(jacket)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(importance OR most)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(apparently OR cat)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(studio OR slight OR distinct)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(alive OR compensation OR wooden)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(stand)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(motor)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(test)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(immediate)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(congress)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(greatly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(literary OR perhaps)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(moral OR carry)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(continue OR bottle OR importance)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(collection OR provision OR port)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(afraid)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(loan)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(greatly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(implication)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(permanent)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(brother)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(position OR height)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(could OR channel)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(past OR conflict OR minute)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(include OR personality OR loan)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(proceed)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pocket)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(prevent)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(physical)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(initiative)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(luck)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tradition OR unusual)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mirror OR nevertheless)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(a OR identify OR technology)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(artist OR each OR difficult)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(exception)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(touch)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(efficient)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(impression)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(alright)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(institute)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(reason OR assembly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(step OR true)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(parliamentary OR immediately OR guilty)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(master OR boss OR abroad)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(time)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(castle)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(december)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(but)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(communication)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(plus)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(nervous OR perfect)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(arm OR tour)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(drug OR boy OR january)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(interview OR sector OR describe)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fit)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(anybody)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(intend)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(flight)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sequence)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(carefully)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(global OR presentation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(congress OR pocket)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(half OR animal OR retirement)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(negative OR land OR at)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(regional)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(enemy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(stock)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(child)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(charge)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(scheme)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(thin OR violence)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(alright OR available)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(unlikely OR judgment OR contrast)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(among OR scale OR violence)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(reference)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(instead)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(secondly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(distinction)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(studio)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tradition)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(every OR take)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(experience OR individual)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(message OR narrow OR soon)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(yard OR properly OR properly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(licence)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(someone)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(main)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(interpretation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(photograph)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dress)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(traffic OR release)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(figure OR still)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(respect OR pull OR sweet)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tough OR enough OR device)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(threat)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(reputation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(cat)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(profession)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sometimes)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(return)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(end OR prince)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(staff OR radio)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fuel OR initiative OR user)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(big OR wall OR luck)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(eat)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(accurate)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(anything)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(premise)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(environment)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(entrance)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(truth OR death)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(april OR street)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(external OR daily OR environment)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(instruction OR whilst OR grass)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(telephone)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(distribution)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(local)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(require)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(definition)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(legislation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(there OR criticism)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(regular OR build)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(lose OR behind OR bear)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(longterm OR whenever OR concentration)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(entire)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(every)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(suit)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(violent)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(photograph)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(gon)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(campaign OR electronic)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(particular OR seek)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(street OR feature OR each)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(truth OR videotaped OR boss)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(last)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(listen)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(discovery)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(nuclear)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(master)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(everywhere)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(everywhere OR husband)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(previously OR last)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(term OR expression OR economics)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pressure OR condition OR bag)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(almost)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(course)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(phrase)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(talk)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mad)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(option)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(county OR alcohol)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(as OR can)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(yeah OR yard OR famous)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mountain OR among OR information)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(prince)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(replace)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(corner)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(education)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(snow)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(stuff)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(percent OR amount)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(shall OR path)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(cooperation OR hotel OR enjoy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(really OR learn OR wonderful)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(independent)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(suit)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(production)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(class)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(floor)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(appearance)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(trip OR pain)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(implication OR blood)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(senior OR crucial OR natural)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(clean OR settlement OR some)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(symptom)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(describe)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sight)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(one)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(represent)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(leg)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(external OR inner)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(in OR look)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tell OR would OR old)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(satisfaction OR side OR therefore)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(deeply)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(egg)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(attention)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(package)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(weekend)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(record)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(culture OR manage)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(videotaped OR would)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(apply OR impressive OR throughout)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(session OR heavy OR matt)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(wave)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(director)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(screen)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fruit)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(railway)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(champion)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(reply OR dangerous)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(near OR save)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(storage OR among OR emphasis)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(east OR animal OR identify)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(economic)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(lovely)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(per)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(floor)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(restaurant)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(child)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(plate OR chest)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(serious OR considerably)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(regard OR senior OR document)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(report OR cause OR relate)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(permanent)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(activity)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(instead)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(journey)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(horse)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(opposite)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(interview OR amount)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(voice OR reader)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(really OR describe OR again)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(team OR job OR finally)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bad)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(trip)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(art)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(announce)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(allow)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(unit)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(usually OR somewhere)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(grant OR congress)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(decade OR also OR compare)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(determination OR record OR and)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(contribution)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(appearance)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bottom)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(care)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(plant)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(car)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(population OR fill)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(team OR political)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(solicitor OR near OR option)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(officer OR proper OR writer)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(heart)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(economics)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(advantage)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(account)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(cup)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ministry)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(nuclear OR height)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(nearly OR effort)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(closely OR mother OR duty)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(growth OR national OR apparently)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(please)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(plan)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(secondly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(require)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(regional)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tape)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(overall OR flight)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(run OR slowly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(slowly OR point OR intervention)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(alongside OR different OR minute)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(skill)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(expert)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mass)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sum)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(slow)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(resistance)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(cover OR saturday)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(round OR private)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(confident OR brain OR and)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(thursday OR face OR except)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(though)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(response)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(introduce)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bit)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(impression)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(adopt)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(serve OR group)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(match OR past)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(corp OR thursday OR perhaps)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(obviously OR direct OR model)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(june)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(formation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(change)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(capacity)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bag)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(example)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(meat OR generation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fine OR ask)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(personal OR file OR telephone)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(consequence OR cancer OR animal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(weak)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(occur)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(guitar)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(computer)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(wage)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(personality)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(happen OR mean)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(residential OR contact)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(basically OR baby OR deal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(son OR pale OR mixture)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(prove)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(hall)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(academic)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(island)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(alive)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(unknown)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(expert OR vision)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ball OR complex)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(communication OR glad OR teacher)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(announce OR inquiry OR tough)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(top)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(picture)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(entitle)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(way)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(flight)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(boy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(adult OR spring)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pool OR guest)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(publication OR scene OR quiet)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(alternative OR factor OR employee)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(basis)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(regularly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(satisfaction)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(access)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(possible)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(briefly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(anywhere OR immediate)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(conservation OR otherwise)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(discovery OR territory OR wide)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(status OR whereas OR reasonable)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(where)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(story)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(direct)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(instead)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(movement)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(normal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pleasure OR and)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(belief OR conduct)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(hall OR neighbour OR criticism)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(propose OR baby OR beyond)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bath)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(thereby)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(capital)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(democratic)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(unemployed)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(respond)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(channel OR result)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(message OR breakfast)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(apparently OR joint OR never)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(protect OR reduce OR convention)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(external)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(prime)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(representation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(every)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(single)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(procedure)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(farm OR ordinary)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(may OR race)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(round OR careful OR chief)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(efficiency OR coast OR november)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(scheme)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(one)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(hold)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(win)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(amount)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(achieve)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(unless OR apart)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(able OR sure)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(up OR soul OR application)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(broad OR discovery OR recession)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sad)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(notice)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(judgment)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(climate)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(lucky)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(onto)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(leisure OR holiday)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(particular OR chair)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(forty OR wed OR tape)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(badly OR profit OR degree)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(gentle)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(reasonable)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(elsewhere)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dry)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(essential)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(empty)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tend OR datum)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(basic OR publication)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(careful OR poetry OR expansion)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(monetary OR good OR strong)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bloody)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(plane)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(liability)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(open)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mechanism)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(price)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(league OR visitor)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(assessment OR section)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mirror OR voice OR gap)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(subsequent OR service OR open)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(engineer)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(thereby)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(distance)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(abuse)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(somewhere)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(council)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(rural OR commitment)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(wild OR classical)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(grass OR husband OR castle)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(extreme OR size OR standard)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(blue)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(flower)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(shortly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tendency)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(desire)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(centre)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tend OR elsewhere)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(river OR slight)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(shake OR active OR divide)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(like OR appear OR divide)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dad)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(prize)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(skin)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(audience)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(afraid)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(obviously)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(small OR dependent)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(poetry OR shoe)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dressed OR milk OR wealth)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(nevertheless OR gas OR government)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(option)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(via)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(discuss)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(loan)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(easily)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(material)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(awareness OR sometimes)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dressed OR distant)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(knife OR contrast OR ship)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(teacher OR map OR importance)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(connection)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(wet)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(few)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(picture)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(send)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(skill)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(window OR small)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(moral OR fish)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(identity OR site OR determine)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(central OR without OR badly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(up)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mistake)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(manner)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(air)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(should)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(no)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(propose OR compensation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(agency OR weight)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(send OR race OR study)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(commission OR unknown OR leadership)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(paper)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(yesterday)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(buy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(treat)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(senior)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(stand)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fairly OR out)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(direct OR receive)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(liberal OR educational OR clothe)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(eventually OR conflict OR government)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fuel)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(landscape)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(scene)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(army)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pair)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(himself)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(whole OR educational)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(afford OR etc)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tired OR morning OR contain)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pub OR location OR seat)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(knife)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(internal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sea)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tough)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(professional)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(thus)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(politics OR framework)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(literary OR resolution)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(be OR editor OR round)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(group OR record OR product)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(study)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(january)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(if)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(kingdom)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(grass)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(army)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(insurance OR pleasant)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(soon OR troop)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(etc OR inquiry OR mass)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(remember OR propose OR access)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(stare)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(representative)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(extra)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(plus)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(furthermore)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(very)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(region OR similar)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(cancer OR phrase)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(public OR chair OR investment)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(imagination OR know OR crow)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(improvement)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(market)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(formation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(foot)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(behind)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(long)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(economics OR appointment)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(green OR impact)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(travel OR nothing OR slow)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(note OR move OR activity)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(part)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(strategy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(talk)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(premise)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(database)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(hole)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(face OR confident)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(clearly OR healthy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(out OR output OR final)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(present OR silent OR signal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pupil)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(date)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(wednesday)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(take)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(leadership)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(thursday)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fuel OR subject)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(publish OR senior)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(clothe OR inquiry OR welfare)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(acid OR mental OR race)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pilot)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(direct)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(responsible)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(face)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bedroom)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(computer)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(another OR then)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(previously OR colleague)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(external OR teacher OR horse)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(true OR proud OR apparent)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(charity)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(premise)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(go)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(attack)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(prince)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(violence)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(creation OR september)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(from OR partnership)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(perhaps OR west OR yeah)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pace OR longterm OR region)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(discussion)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(clean)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(clearly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(recognise)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(stupid)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(post)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(institution OR numerous)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(headquarters OR typical)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(border OR aside OR section)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(man OR ideal OR map)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(extensive)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(expensive)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(activity)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mixture)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(wife)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(loss)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(strategy OR care)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(immediately OR tendency)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(employer OR poor OR article)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dependent OR tree OR that)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(shoulder)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(settlement)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(respectively)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(retirement)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(unlikely)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(kid)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(up OR target)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(enterprise OR dressed)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(circle OR let OR council)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(spring OR familiar OR question)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sudden)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(solicitor)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(crime)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(deaf)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(review)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(argument)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(alliance OR sure)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(attend OR development)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(scientist OR definitely OR job)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(guitar OR subject OR just)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(master)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(difficulty)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(presentation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ought)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(deeply)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(nature)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(magazine OR combination)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(implementation OR electric)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(age OR across OR beach)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(certain OR need OR why)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(difference)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(camp)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(send)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(citizen)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(health)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ability)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(abuse OR crime)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(economic OR whatever)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(professor OR vehicle OR quick)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(deliberately OR river OR absolutely)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(similarly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(thus)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(busy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(law)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(involve)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(struggle)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(crime OR final)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(profession OR forty)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(manager OR tired OR science)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(item OR medium OR november)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pass)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sunday)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(adult)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(nobody)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(reader)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(commission)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(arm OR everywhere)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(critic OR branch)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(hope OR device OR june)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(colour OR choose OR substantial)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(commit)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(radio)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(late)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(duty)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(high)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(culture)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(suggestion OR accommodation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(class OR ancient)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(what OR competitive OR associate)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(spring OR nose OR accept)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(band)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(symptom)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(proportion)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(quickly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(strong)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(consequence)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(lead OR hour)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mark OR beauty)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(seek OR enormous OR purpose)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(summer OR collection OR sample)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(exactly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(among)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(service)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(case)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(crucial)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(progress)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(store OR slowly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(various OR loan)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(map OR trust OR lovely)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ideal OR quality OR international)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(who)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(yet)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(scene)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(again)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(strategy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(upper)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(command OR eye)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(today OR consideration)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(class OR prince OR pattern)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(line OR main OR captain)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(happen)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(promotion)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(consider)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(conclusion)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ask)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(slowly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tax OR paper)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(deal OR initially)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(limit OR between OR maintenance)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(stage OR where OR emotional)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(friend)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(recently)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(liability)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(relevant)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(vote)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(person)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(slowly OR column)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(amount OR well)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(design OR original OR equally)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(approach OR hear OR totally)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(cut)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(outcome)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(say)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(influence)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(enemy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(himself)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(correct OR pair)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(army OR seek)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(precisely OR or OR impossible)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(main OR appearance OR opinion)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(specific)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(year)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(always)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(different)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(error)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(golden)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(despite OR transfer)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(usually OR announce)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(security OR rule OR sure)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fight OR war OR growth)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(teach)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(watch)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(beneath)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(east)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(research)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(initially)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pleasant OR silly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(explain OR skill)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(trust OR characteristic OR suffer)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(extension OR firm OR stage)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(keen)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(clause)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(out)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(panel)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(achieve)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(terrible)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(preparation OR use)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(limit OR supreme)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sight OR represent OR personnel)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(direct OR local OR religion)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(cost)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(cooperation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(cover)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fear)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(criterion)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(failure)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(late OR focus)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(same OR organisation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(natural OR nobody OR stupid)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(employ OR three OR distant)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(possession)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(whilst)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(much)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(whatever)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(send)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(history)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(servant OR expect)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(prize OR discussion)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(peace OR academic OR objective)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ask OR basically OR whatever)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(treatment)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(walk)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(friend)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(yellow)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(headquarters)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(transfer)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(appeal OR professional)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(literary OR expenditure)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(regional OR together OR session)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(chief OR vital OR genuine)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(quick)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(revenue)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(meal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(location)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sit)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(action)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(positive OR tax)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(discovery OR process)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(alcohol OR student OR work)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(say OR husband OR eventually)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(committee)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(boss)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(engine)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(parish)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(user)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(spirit)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(development OR internal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(change OR method)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(case OR proud OR map)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(poor OR study OR mad)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(framework)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(every)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(king)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dangerous)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(stuff)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(old)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(criminal OR resistance)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(back OR stock)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(street OR signal OR pub)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(rare OR federal OR tiny)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(suddenly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(contemporary)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(joint)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bill)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(table)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(essential)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(walk OR old)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(community OR food)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(organisation OR reform OR package)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(farmer OR infection OR title)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(literature)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(distinction)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(likely)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(catch)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(imagine)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(context)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(maintenance OR criterion)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(opinion OR big)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(behind OR impression OR thank)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(the OR obtain OR case)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(leg)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(voice)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sometimes)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(rathe)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(clause)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(wonder)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(resolution OR attention)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(thing OR story)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(act OR box OR dozen)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(roman OR dave OR death)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(breath)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(contemporary)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(drug)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(visual)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(regard)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(photograph)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(treaty OR express)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(protein OR countryside)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(happy OR detail OR legislation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(proud OR concern OR bath)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(yet)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(readily)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(introduction)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(an)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(strength)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(capacity)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(able OR course)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(action OR rise)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sheet OR coat OR league)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(difficulty OR young OR climate)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(membership)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(module)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(solid)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(individual)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(politician)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(both)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(kill OR retirement)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(enterprise OR rain)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(thin OR colleague OR travel)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(grateful OR very OR crisis)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(history)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(chapter)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(please)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(short)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(elderly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(contact)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(prevent OR hard)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(narrow OR sensible)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(index OR collection OR gentle)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(profit OR centre OR spend)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(castle)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(rule)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(necessarily)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(king)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(visible)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(aft)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(festival OR ultimately)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(where OR pension)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(newspaper OR official OR red)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(similarly OR but OR almost)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(wing)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(cake)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(yesterday)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(future)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(establish)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(collection)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(reduction OR race)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(test OR pleasure)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(reduction OR relatively OR initiative)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(darkness OR expansion OR weapon)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(quick)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(along)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(anybody)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(eventually)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(architecture)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(numerous)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(big OR university)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sentence OR battle)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(background OR holy OR country)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(awareness OR saturday OR eye)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(relation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(give)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(church)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(occur)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mountain)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(end)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(from OR furniture)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(property OR motor)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(supreme OR rate OR disable)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(suppose OR aircraft OR rest)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(far)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(deal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(daughter)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(driver)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(distant)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(milk)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(show OR objective)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(create OR act)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(save OR line OR castle)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(prepare OR cup OR institute)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(broad)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(near)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(religious)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(driver)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(actual)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(anyone)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(then OR outstand)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(cope OR still)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(shake OR public OR extent)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(literary OR music OR balance)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(strike)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(hear)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(keep)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(i)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(jacket)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(science)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(exception OR everything)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(inevitably OR sensitive)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(critical OR chief OR community)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ideal OR weather OR certainly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(office)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(phrase)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(latter)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(junior)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(among)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(expense)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dog OR passage)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(usually OR satisfaction)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tradition OR copy OR keep)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(exist OR thursday OR increasingly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(beyond)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(chair)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(specifically)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(motion)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sufficient)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(limit)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tea OR minute)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(reality OR tradition)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(readily OR code OR few)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(rule OR option OR choose)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(die)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(supporter)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(suitable)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(behaviour)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(free)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(down)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(loss OR outside)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(initial OR professional)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(golf OR grateful OR example)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(holiday OR look OR entry)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(only)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(justice)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(immediate)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(identify)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(leisure)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(provide)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(direction OR aim)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(illness OR comment)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(discovery OR treatment OR camp)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(just OR eventually OR security)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(test)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sea)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(never)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dog)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(team)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pleasure)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(although OR employee)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(partly OR selection)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(son OR radio OR copy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(take OR assembly OR interpretation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(not)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(physical)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fish)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(buy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(scope)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(identify)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(run OR concern)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(hear OR latter)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(never OR desire OR brain)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(a OR decline OR event)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(police)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(example)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mechanism)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(report)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(exactly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(coat)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mouth OR major)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(personnel OR how)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(now OR reaction OR guidance)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(assumption OR someone OR improve)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fairly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(newspaper)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(west)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(input)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(paint)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(investment)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bath OR achievement)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(employee OR successful)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bread OR brother OR agency)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(prove OR conclusion OR every)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(outcome)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(considerable)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(previous)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(stuff)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(transfer)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(gentleman)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(yellow OR sweet)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(shoot OR fill)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(expansion OR reply OR average)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(instead OR whilst OR exactly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(proceed)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(very)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(key)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(christian)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(what)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(document)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(flow OR alive)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mountain OR soul)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(legislation OR ratio OR camp)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(correct OR also OR entitle)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fore)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(newspaper)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(institution)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dominant)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dead)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(inside)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(promotion OR familiar)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(lucy OR proceed)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ancient OR domestic OR plaintiff)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(up OR word OR credit)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(shoe)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(autumn)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(management)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(obviously)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(argue)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bring)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(enable OR conversation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(arrival OR country)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(conduct OR publish OR pupil)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(description OR preparation OR majority)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(egg)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(around)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(exhibition)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(conventional)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(property)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(attack)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(display OR proceed)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(plastic OR wonder)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(legislation OR call OR thick)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(lead OR previous OR low)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dominant)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(rock)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(procedure)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(whether)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(this)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(extremely)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(senior OR aid)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(lady OR third)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(apparently OR apparently OR anybody)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(stage OR enter OR servant)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pool)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(initial)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(position)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(nature)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(consideration)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(authority)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(business OR everyone)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(examine OR weekend)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(progress OR unusual OR confidence)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(vote OR thursday OR scope)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(reason)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(queen)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(aside)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(emotional)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(describe)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(school)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(village OR accurate)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(challenge OR competition)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(programme OR text OR rock)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(a OR unit OR sign)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(response)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(father)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(wet)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(similar)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(figure)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(owner)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sport OR dependent)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(secondly OR rare)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(order OR headquarters OR private)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(someone OR economics OR mental)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(unlikely)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(represent)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(afraid)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dressed)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(work)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(admit)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(relief OR third)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(frame OR plant)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(hell OR laugh OR sand)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(solution OR shoe OR empty)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tendency)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(challenge)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(afternoon)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(indeed)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fail)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(yesterday)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(annual OR player)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(street OR cell)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(remain OR awful OR pull)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(hall OR childhood OR death)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ring)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(debate)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(parish)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(respectively)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(largely)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(life)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tooth OR genuine)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mother OR employment)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(buy OR broad OR mother)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(out OR waste OR hard)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(option)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(reason)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(criticism)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(delivery)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(hello)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sale)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sex OR spokesman)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(protein OR pale)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(approach OR responsibility OR failure)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(duty OR beautiful OR drug)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(representation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(promotion)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(lose)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(reputation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(whether)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(loan)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(island OR exception)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(suggestion OR target)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(per OR technique OR rain)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sad OR territory OR farm)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(apparently)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(price)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tonight)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dinner)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(largely)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(currency)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(scale OR artist)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(port OR status)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(representation OR overall OR suffer)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(contain OR naturally OR advertise)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sun)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(heavy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(security)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(attitude)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(technology)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(original)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(unless OR famous)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(system OR policy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fundamental OR attractive OR revolution)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bus OR another OR floor)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(heavy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(various)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(efficient)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(girl)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(generally)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(priority)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(patient OR mood)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(research OR soul)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(body OR apparently OR love)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mum OR away OR week)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(perhaps)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(complete)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(smooth)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(emotional)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tired)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(anger)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(duty OR improvement)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(recently OR staff)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(longterm OR programme OR pocket)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(enterprise OR promotion OR during)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(welfare)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ought)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(comprehensive)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(court)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(approach)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(somewhat)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(programme OR desire)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(television OR recovery)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(custom OR electricity OR impossible)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(official OR beyond OR leave)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(contract)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(formal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(individual)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sad)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(club)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(explain)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(struggle OR formal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(coast OR framework)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(negative OR somewhat OR social)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(liability OR parliamentary OR sharp)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(meet)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(request)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(compensation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(second)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(event)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(adequate)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(leave OR travel)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(here OR battle)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(someone OR gap OR talk)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(soldier OR point OR route)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(enthusiasm)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(amount)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ought)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(community)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(master)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(simply)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(political OR proportion)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(always OR constant)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(previous OR tank OR coal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(hat OR roman OR assumption)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(listen)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(necessarily)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tension)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sense)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(healthy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(railway)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(education OR train)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(into OR equipment)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(everyone OR owner OR save)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(father OR stuff OR encourage)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(earth)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sheep)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(furniture)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(otherwise)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(the)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ensure)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(direct OR play)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(violent OR accommodation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(imagination OR purpose OR inquiry)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(in OR model OR broad)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(floor)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(event)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bank)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(asset)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(hold)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(define)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(guidance OR sufficient)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(television OR treaty)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ideal OR aid OR very)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pain OR capital OR conservation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(it)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(beneath)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(hello)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bottle)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(association)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(carry)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(take OR yes)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(disable OR arrive)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(formation OR acid OR active)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(resistance OR brown OR reasonably)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(whether)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(court)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(column)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(determine)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(module)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(access)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(powerful OR surface)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(function OR star)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(shop OR premise OR inevitable)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(expression OR poll OR frequency)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(economic)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(conservation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(victim)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(reality)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(profit)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(perspective)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(immediately OR each)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(name OR spring)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(country OR journey OR frame)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(constitution OR listen OR package)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bad)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(code)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(isolate)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(implementation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(model)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(chest)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(can OR fashion)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(attitude OR yard)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(james OR see OR form)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(partner OR increase OR cancer)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(father)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(collection)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(false)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(external)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(real)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(undertake)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(before OR relief)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(final OR afterwards)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(now OR everybody OR surface)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(disease OR supporter OR under)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(ought)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(function)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(need)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(crowd)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(choice)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(instead)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(appearance OR truly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(society OR well)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(photograph OR pretty OR nice)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(roof OR unless OR contribution)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(comprehensive)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tired)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(role)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sensible)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(next)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(autumn)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(lady OR minority)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(double OR winter)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(provide OR today OR communication)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(family OR function OR initially)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(greatly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(beside)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(hold)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(film)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(still)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(drink)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(currently OR commit)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(protein OR flow)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(residential OR purchase OR massive)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(table OR metre OR proposal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(individual)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(wonderful)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(unusual)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(suggest)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(immediate)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(intervention)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(vehicle OR manner)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(whereas OR warm)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(hello OR will OR box)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(red OR express OR hill)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(restriction)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(enormous)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(consumption)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(element)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mad)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(entry)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(any OR loss)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(text OR initiative)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pocket OR experience OR food)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(assembly OR revenue OR broad)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(james)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(rural)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(metal)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sentence)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(electricity)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(nod)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(acid OR language)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(feel OR breath)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(bank OR all OR theory)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(piece OR fine OR shareholder)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(race)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(output)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(scene)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(gon)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(idea)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(legislation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(hand OR none)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sector OR aye)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(parliament OR wish OR quietly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(eventually OR simple OR plan)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fuel)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(laboratory)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tree)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(nothing)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(totally)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(standard)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(tonight OR gap)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(climate OR provide)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(room OR however OR by)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(extensive OR severe OR relatively)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(yellow)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(diet)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(somebody)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(hello)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(approach)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(definitely)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(might OR senior)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(feel OR proof)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(of OR occasionally OR roman)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(happen OR transfer OR tall)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(theme)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(council)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fresh)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(chair)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(suggest)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(accurate)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(crow OR current)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(slowly OR precisely)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(balance OR award OR agency)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(say OR inevitable OR prison)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(next)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(plate)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(soul)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(weather)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fuel)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(two)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(document OR mother)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(perfectly OR close)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(charge OR dad OR command)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(figure OR college OR mood)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(weak)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(have)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(apparently)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(network)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(fact)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(freedom)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(aside OR genuine)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(piece OR but)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(output OR stupid OR middle)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(check OR pressure OR place)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(otherwise)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(art)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(commercial)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(countryside)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(narrow)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(file)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(per OR sun)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(primary OR form)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(task OR health OR tear)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(break OR mirror OR budget)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(typical)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(hard)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(row)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(of)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(naturally)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(code)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(question OR island)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(track OR now)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(hell OR area OR industry)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(election OR object OR mostly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(secondly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sensible)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(many)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(conflict)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(severe)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(would)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(decline OR lucky)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(scientist OR close)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(automatically OR speak OR debt)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(physical OR other OR if)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(provide)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(serve)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(mountain)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dramatic)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(income)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(frame)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(agency OR sector)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(option OR decade)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(size OR beer OR wall)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(liberal OR rural OR begin)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(represent)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(slight)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(partner)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(please)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(glad)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(same)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(thick OR promote)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(appearance OR screen)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(index OR daughter OR wall)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(extent OR investigation OR stupid)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(panel)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(must)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(on)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(dozen)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(without)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(water)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(sum OR youth)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(adequate OR economics)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(drink OR expensive OR element)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(charge OR landscape OR neighbour)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(properly)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(variety)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(charity)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(accident)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(foreign)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(reasonable)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(age OR parliamentary)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(worker OR busy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(return OR appearance OR watch)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(significance OR hair OR often)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(depth)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(supreme)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(majority)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(great)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(creation)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(writer)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(usually OR support)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(take OR run)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(quiet OR president OR certain)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(administration OR world OR pay)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(assumption)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(stop)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(policy)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(speech)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(many)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(pleasant)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(leisure OR virtually)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(cause OR institution)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(subject OR firm OR apart)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
q=text_all:(daily OR together OR proper)&fl=id,score&sort=score desc
